the 2009 event will be in the norman foster designed sage gateshead music and arts centre in september . <SEP> where
in october , there is the design event festival—an annual festival providing the public with an opportunity to see work by regional , national and international designers . <SEP> what festival
the sama festival , an east asian cultural festival is also held in early october . <SEP> what cultural festival
newcastlegateshead also holds an annual international arts fair . <SEP> who
lindisfarne are a folk-rock group with a strong tyneside connection . <SEP> what genre of music
their most famous song , " fog on the tyne " ( 1971 ) , was covered by geordie ex-footballer paul gascoigne in 1990 . <SEP> what year
venom , reckoned by many to be the originators of black metal and extremely influential to the extreme metal scene as a whole , formed in newcastle in 1979 . <SEP> what band
folk metal band skyclad , often regarded as the first folk metal band , also formed in newcastle after the break-up of martin walkyier thrash metal band , sabbat . <SEP> what band
andy taylor , former lead guitarist of duran was born here in 1961 . <SEP> what group
the pilgrim street building was refurbished between november 2006 and may 2008 ; during the refurbishment works , the cinema relocated to the old town hall , gateshead . <SEP> what
the pilgrim street building was refurbished between november 2006 and may 2008 ; during the refurbishment works , the cinema relocated to the old town hall , gateshead . <SEP> where
the site currently houses three cinemas , including the restored classic —the united kingdom 's last surviving news cinema still in full-time operation—alongside two new screens , a roof extension containing the tyneside bar , and dedicated education and teaching suites . <SEP> how many
the site currently houses three cinemas , including the restored classic —the united kingdom 's last surviving news cinema still in full-time operation—alongside two new screens , a roof extension containing the tyneside bar , and dedicated education and teaching suites . <SEP> what
the site currently houses three cinemas , including the restored classic —the united kingdom 's last surviving news cinema still in full-time operation—alongside two new screens , a roof extension containing the tyneside bar , and dedicated education and teaching suites . <SEP> where
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum ( hancock museum ) ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum . <SEP> where
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum ( hancock museum ) ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum . <SEP> what
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum ( hancock museum ) ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum . <SEP> what type of heritage
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum ( hancock museum ) ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum . <SEP> what year
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum ( hancock museum ) ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum . <SEP> what museum in newcastle
the earliest known movie featuring some exterior scenes filmed in the city is on the night of the fire ( 1939 ) , though by and large the action is studio-bound . <SEP> what
the 1971 film get carter was shot on location in and around newcastle and offers an opportunity to see what newcastle looked like in the 1960s and early 1970s . <SEP> what 1971 film
the city was also backdrop to another gangster film , the 1988 film noir thriller stormy monday , directed by mike figgis and starring tommy lee jones , melanie griffith , sting and sean bean . <SEP> what genre of film
the city was also backdrop to another gangster film , the 1988 film noir thriller stormy monday , directed by mike figgis and starring tommy lee jones , melanie griffith , sting and sean bean . <SEP> who
the city was also backdrop to another gangster film , the 1988 film noir thriller stormy monday , directed by mike figgis and starring tommy lee jones , melanie griffith , sting and sean bean . <SEP> what famous musician
newcastle has a horse racing course at gosforth park . <SEP> where
the city is also home to the newcastle eagles basketball team who play their home games at the new sport central complex at northumbria university . <SEP> what
the city 's speedway team newcastle diamonds are based at brough park in byker , a venue that is also home to greyhound racing . <SEP> what
the city 's speedway team newcastle diamonds are based at brough park in byker , a venue that is also home to greyhound racing . <SEP> where
another famous athletic event is the 5.9-mile ( 9.5 km ) blaydon race ( a road race from newcastle to blaydon ) , which has taken place on 9 june annually since 1981 , to commemorate the celebrated blaydon races horse racing . <SEP> what famous 5.9-mile athletic event
newcastle international airport is located approximately 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) from the city centre on the northern outskirts of the city near ponteland and is the larger of the two main airports serving the north east . <SEP> how far
it is connected to the city via the metro light rail system and a journey into newcastle city centre takes approximately 20 minutes . <SEP> how
it is connected to the city via the metro light rail system and a journey into newcastle city centre takes approximately 20 minutes . <SEP> how long
the airport handles over five million passengers per year , and is the tenth largest , and the fastest growing regional airport in the uk , expecting to reach 10 million passengers by 2016 , and 15 million by 2030 . <SEP> how many passengers per year
as of 2007 [ update ] , over 90 destinations are available worldwide . <SEP> how many destinations
glazing was placed over the historic arches and the victorian architecture was enhanced ; transforming the 19th century public portico . <SEP> what
the station is one of only six grade one listed railway stations in the uk . <SEP> how many grade one
opened in 1850 by queen victoria , it was the first covered railway station in the world and was much copied across the uk . <SEP> what queen
it has a neoclassical façade , originally designed by the architect john dobson , and was constructed in collaboration with robert stephenson . <SEP> who
the city 's other mainline station , manors , is to the east of the city centre . <SEP> what mainline station
train operator virgin trains east coast provides a half-hourly frequency of trains to london king 's cross , with a journey time of about three hours , these services call at durham , darlington , york , doncaster , newark north gate and peterborough and north to scotland with all trains calling at edinburgh and a small number of trains extended to glasgow , aberdeen and inverness . <SEP> how
train operator virgin trains east coast provides a half-hourly frequency of trains to london king 's cross , with a journey time of about three hours , these services call at durham , darlington , york , doncaster , newark north gate and peterborough and north to scotland with all trains calling at edinburgh and a small number of trains extended to glasgow , aberdeen and inverness . <SEP> how many hours
train operator virgin trains east coast provides a half-hourly frequency of trains to london king 's cross , with a journey time of about three hours , these services call at durham , darlington , york , doncaster , newark north gate and peterborough and north to scotland with all trains calling at edinburgh and a small number of trains extended to glasgow , aberdeen and inverness . <SEP> where
crosscountry trains serve destinations in yorkshire , the midlands and the south west . <SEP> whose trains
northern rail provides local and regional services . <SEP> which train company
the city is served by the tyne and wear metro , a system of suburban and underground railways covering much of tyne and wear . <SEP> what
it was opened in five phases between 1980 and 1984 , and was britain 's first urban light rail transit system ; two extensions were opened in 1991 and 2002 . <SEP> how many phases
it was developed from a combination of existing and newly built tracks and stations , with deep-level tunnels constructed through newcastle city centre . <SEP> what type of tunnels
a bridge was built across the tyne , between newcastle and gateshead , and opened by queen elizabeth ii in 1981 . <SEP> what
the network is operated by db regio on behalf of nexus and carries over 37 million passengers a year , extending as far as newcastle airport , tynemouth , south shields and south hylton in sunderland . <SEP> how many passengers a year
the system is currently undergoing a period of refurbishment and modernization , entitled 'metro : all change . ' <SEP> what
the programme has replaced all ticket machines and introduced ticket gates at the busiest stations - part of the transition to smart ticketing . <SEP> what
in addition ; tracks , signalling and overhead wires are also being overhauled . <SEP> what
longer term plans include the procurement of an entirely new fleet of trains and further extensions to the system . <SEP> what
several of the proposed routes would require trams as opposed to the current light rail trains . <SEP> what type of train
major roads in the area include the a1 ( gateshead newcastle western bypass ) , stretching north to edinburgh and south to london ; the a19 heading south past sunderland and middlesbrough to york and doncaster ; the a69 heading west to carlisle ; the a696 , which becomes the a68 heads past newcastle airport and up through central northumberland and central scottish borders , the a167 , the old " great north road " , heading south to gateshead , chester-le-street , durham and darlington ; and the a1058 " coast road " , which runs from jesmond to the east coast between tynemouth and cullercoats . <SEP> what major newcastle road
major roads in the area include the a1 ( gateshead newcastle western bypass ) , stretching north to edinburgh and south to london ; the a19 heading south past sunderland and middlesbrough to york and doncaster ; the a69 heading west to carlisle ; the a696 , which becomes the a68 heads past newcastle airport and up through central northumberland and central scottish borders , the a167 , the old " great north road " , heading south to gateshead , chester-le-street , durham and darlington ; and the a1058 " coast road " , which runs from jesmond to the east coast between tynemouth and cullercoats . <SEP> what newcastle road
major roads in the area include the a1 ( gateshead newcastle western bypass ) , stretching north to edinburgh and south to london ; the a19 heading south past sunderland and middlesbrough to york and doncaster ; the a69 heading west to carlisle ; the a696 , which becomes the a68 heads past newcastle airport and up through central northumberland and central scottish borders , the a167 , the old " great north road " , heading south to gateshead , chester-le-street , durham and darlington ; and the a1058 " coast road " , which runs from jesmond to the east coast between tynemouth and cullercoats . <SEP> what
many of these designations are recent—upon completion of the western bypass , and its designation as the new line of the a1 , the roads between this and the a1 's former alignment through the tyne tunnel were renumbered , with many city centre roads changing from a 6-prefix to their present 1-prefix numbers . <SEP> what
in november 2011 the capacity of the tyne tunnel was increased when a project to build a second road tunnel and refurbish the first tunnel was completed . <SEP> what
there are 3 main bus companies providing services in the city ; arriva north east , go north east and stagecoach north east . <SEP> how many
there are two major bus stations in the city : haymarket bus station and eldon square bus station . <SEP> how many major bus stations
stagecoach is the primary operator in the city proper , with cross-city services mainly between both the west and east ends via the city centre with some services extending out to the metrocentre , killingworth , wallsend and ponteland . <SEP> who
bus services in newcastle upon tyne and the surrounding boroughs part of the tyne and wear area are coordinated by nexus , the tyne and wear passenger transport executive . <SEP> what
go-ahead operates from eldon square bus station , providing the majority of services south of the river in gateshead , south tyneside , sunderland , and county durham . <SEP> what bus company in newcastle
following guidelines set in the national cycling strategy , newcastle first developed its cycling strategy in 1998 . <SEP> what year
as of 2012 , the local council social aims and objectives for cycling include : highlighting the usage of cycling to cut city congestion ; educating that cycling promotes healthy living… the authority also has infrastructure aims and objectives which include : developing on road cycle networks on quieter streets ; making safer routes on busier streets ; innovating and implementing contraflows on one way streets ; developing the existing off road cycle route networks and improve signage ; joining up routes that are partially or completely isolated ; increase the number of cycle parking facilities ; working with employers to integrate cycling into workplace travel plans ; link the local networks to national networks . <SEP> what
as of 2012 , the local council social aims and objectives for cycling include : highlighting the usage of cycling to cut city congestion ; educating that cycling promotes healthy living… the authority also has infrastructure aims and objectives which include : developing on road cycle networks on quieter streets ; making safer routes on busier streets ; innovating and implementing contraflows on one way streets ; developing the existing off road cycle route networks and improve signage ; joining up routes that are partially or completely isolated ; increase the number of cycle parking facilities ; working with employers to integrate cycling into workplace travel plans ; link the local networks to national networks . <SEP> what type of living
as of 2012 , the local council social aims and objectives for cycling include : highlighting the usage of cycling to cut city congestion ; educating that cycling promotes healthy living… the authority also has infrastructure aims and objectives which include : developing on road cycle networks on quieter streets ; making safer routes on busier streets ; innovating and implementing contraflows on one way streets ; developing the existing off road cycle route networks and improve signage ; joining up routes that are partially or completely isolated ; increase the number of cycle parking facilities ; working with employers to integrate cycling into workplace travel plans ; link the local networks to national networks . <SEP> what streets
as of 2012 , the local council social aims and objectives for cycling include : highlighting the usage of cycling to cut city congestion ; educating that cycling promotes healthy living… the authority also has infrastructure aims and objectives which include : developing on road cycle networks on quieter streets ; making safer routes on busier streets ; innovating and implementing contraflows on one way streets ; developing the existing off road cycle route networks and improve signage ; joining up routes that are partially or completely isolated ; increase the number of cycle parking facilities ; working with employers to integrate cycling into workplace travel plans ; link the local networks to national networks . <SEP> what
from newcastle international ferry terminal , at north shields , danish dfds seaways run a service to ijmuiden ( near amsterdam ) . <SEP> who
the dfds ferry service to gothenburg , sweden , ceased at the end of october 2006 – the company cited high fuel prices and new competition from low-cost air services as the cause – and their service to bergen and stavanger , norway was terminated late 2008 . <SEP> when
the dfds ferry service to gothenburg , sweden , ceased at the end of october 2006 – the company cited high fuel prices and new competition from low-cost air services as the cause – and their service to bergen and stavanger , norway was terminated late 2008 . <SEP> what
the dfds ferry service to gothenburg , sweden , ceased at the end of october 2006 – the company cited high fuel prices and new competition from low-cost air services as the cause – and their service to bergen and stavanger , norway was terminated late 2008 . <SEP> when
since summer 2007 , thomson cruise lines have included newcastle as a departure port on its norwegian and fjords cruise . <SEP> what cruise line
there are eleven lea-funded 11 to 18 schools and seven independent schools with sixth forms in newcastle . <SEP> how many lea-funded 11 to 18 schools
there are eleven lea-funded 11 to 18 schools and seven independent schools with sixth forms in newcastle . <SEP> how many of the schools in newcastle
the largest co-ed independent school is the royal grammar school . <SEP> what
newcastle college is the largest general further education college in the north east and is a beacon status college ; there are two smaller colleges in the newcastle area . <SEP> what
st cuthbert 's high school and sacred heart are the two primary state-catholic run high schools , and are both achieving results on par with the independent schools in newcastle . <SEP> what religion
the city has two universities — newcastle university and northumbria university . <SEP> how many universities
newcastle university has its origins in the school of medicine and surgery , established in 1834 and became independent from durham university on 1 august 1963 to form the university of newcastle upon tyne . <SEP> which university
it won the coveted sunday times university of the year award in 2000 . <SEP> what
northumbria university has its origins in the newcastle polytechnic , established in 1969 and became the university of northumbria at newcastle in 1992 as part of the uk-wide process in which polytechnics became new universities . <SEP> what
northumbria university was voted 'best new university ' by the times good university guide 2005 and also won a much coveted company award of the " most it enabled organisation " ( in the uk ) , by the it industry magazine computing . <SEP> what university
newcastle has three cathedrals , the anglican st. nicholas , with its elegant lantern tower of 1474 , the roman catholic st. mary 's designed by augustus welby pugin and the coptic cathedral located in fenham . <SEP> how many cathedrals
newcastle has three cathedrals , the anglican st. nicholas , with its elegant lantern tower of 1474 , the roman catholic st. mary 's designed by augustus welby pugin and the coptic cathedral located in fenham . <SEP> what year
newcastle has three cathedrals , the anglican st. nicholas , with its elegant lantern tower of 1474 , the roman catholic st. mary 's designed by augustus welby pugin and the coptic cathedral located in fenham . <SEP> which cathedral
another prominent church in the city centre is the church of st thomas the martyr which is the only parish church in the church of england without a parish and which is not a peculiar . <SEP> which church 's saint
all three cathedrals began their lives as parish churches . <SEP> what
the parish church of st andrew is traditionally recognised as 'the oldest church in this town ' . <SEP> which parish church in newcastle
the present building was begun in the 12th century and the last addition to it , apart from the vestries , was the main porch in 1726 . <SEP> what year
the present building was begun in the 12th century and the last addition to it , apart from the vestries , was the main porch in 1726 . <SEP> what
it is surrounded by the last of the ancient churchyards to retain its original character . <SEP> what
the church tower received a battering during the siege of newcastle by the scots who finally breached the town wall and forced surrender . <SEP> what
itv tyne tees was based at city road for over 40 years after its launch in january 1959 . <SEP> where
in 2005 it moved to a new facility on the watermark business park next to the metrocentre in gateshead . <SEP> where
bbc north east and cumbria is located to the north of the city on barrack road , spital tongues , in a building known , as the result of its colouring , as the pink palace . <SEP> why
it is from here that the corporation broadcasts the look north television regional news programme and local radio station bbc radio newcastle . <SEP> what local radio station
ne1fm launched on 8 june 2007 , the first full-time community radio station in the area . <SEP> what
newcastle student radio is run by students from both of the city 's universities , broadcasting from newcastle university 's student 's union building during term time . <SEP> what radio station
radio tyneside has been the voluntary hospital radio service for most hospitals across newcastle and gateshead since 1951 , broadcasting on hospedia and online . <SEP> how long
the city also has a radio lollipop station based at the great north children 's hospital in the newcastle royal victoria infirmary . <SEP> what newcastle radio station
newcastle student radio is run by students from both of the city 's universities , broadcasting from newcastle university 's student 's union building during term time . <SEP> where
charles avison , the leading british composer of concertos in the 18th century , was born in newcastle upon tyne in 1709 and died there in 1770 . <SEP> what year
basil hume , archbishop of westminster , was born in the city in 1923 . <SEP> what title
other notable people born in or associated with newcastle include : engineer and industrialist lord armstrong , engineer and father of the modern steam railways george stephenson , his son , also an engineer , robert stephenson , engineer and inventor of the steam turbine sir charles parsons , inventor of the incandescent light bulb sir joseph swan , modernist poet basil bunting , and lord chief justice peter taylor . <SEP> who
other notable people born in or associated with newcastle include : engineer and industrialist lord armstrong , engineer and father of the modern steam railways george stephenson , his son , also an engineer , robert stephenson , engineer and inventor of the steam turbine sir charles parsons , inventor of the incandescent light bulb sir joseph swan , modernist poet basil bunting , and lord chief justice peter taylor . <SEP> what
former prime minister of thailand abhisit vejjajiva , was born in the city . <SEP> what country
hank marvin and bruce welch were both former pupils of rutherford grammar school , actors charlie hunnam and james scott , entertainers ant and dec and international footballers michael carrick and alan shearer were born in newcastle . <SEP> what school
hank marvin and bruce welch were both former pupils of rutherford grammar school , actors charlie hunnam and james scott , entertainers ant and dec and international footballers michael carrick and alan shearer were born in newcastle . <SEP> what
multiple circumnavigator david scott cowper , nobel prize winning physicist peter higgs , and former wwe nxt champion neville were born in the city . <SEP> what prize
john dunn , inventor of keyed northumbrian smallpipes , the most characteristic musical instrument in the region , lived and worked in the city . <SEP> what
the v & a is located in the brompton district of the royal borough of kensington and chelsea , in an area that has become known as " albertopolis " because of its association with prince albert , the albert memorial and the major cultural institutions with which he was associated . <SEP> where
the victoria and albert museum ( often abbreviated as the v & a ) , london , is the world 's largest museum of decorative arts and design , housing a permanent collection of over 4.5 million objects . <SEP> how many
it was founded in 1852 and named after queen victoria and prince albert . <SEP> when
it was founded in 1852 and named after queen victoria and prince albert . <SEP> who
the v & a is located in the brompton district of the royal borough of kensington and chelsea , in an area that has become known as " albertopolis " because of its association with prince albert , the albert memorial and the major cultural institutions with which he was associated . <SEP> in which london borough
it was founded in 1852 and named after queen victoria and prince albert . <SEP> in what year
it was founded in 1852 and named after queen victoria and prince albert . <SEP> which monarchs
the museum is a non-departmental public body sponsored by the department for culture , media and sport . <SEP> which department
like other national british museums , entrance to the museum has been free since 2001 . <SEP> in which year
the v & a covers 12.5 acres ( 51,000 m2 ) and 145 galleries . <SEP> how many acres
the v & a covers 12.5 acres ( 51,000 m2 ) and 145 galleries . <SEP> how many galleries
its collection spans 5,000 years of art , from ancient times to the present day , from the cultures of europe , north america , asia and north africa . <SEP> how many years
its collection spans 5,000 years of art , from ancient times to the present day , from the cultures of europe , north america , asia and north africa . <SEP> which cultures
the museum owns the world 's largest collection of post-classical sculpture , with the holdings of italian renaissance items being the largest outside italy . <SEP> of which period
the v & a has its origins in the great exhibition of 1851 , with which henry cole , the museum 's first director , was involved in planning ; initially it was known as the museum of manufactures , first opening in may 1852 at marlborough house , but by september had been transferred to somerset house . <SEP> in which world exposition
the v & a has its origins in the great exhibition of 1851 , with which henry cole , the museum 's first director , was involved in planning ; initially it was known as the museum of manufactures , first opening in may 1852 at marlborough house , but by september had been transferred to somerset house . <SEP> who
the v & a has its origins in the great exhibition of 1851 , with which henry cole , the museum 's first director , was involved in planning ; initially it was known as the museum of manufactures , first opening in may 1852 at marlborough house , but by september had been transferred to somerset house . <SEP> what
the v & a has its origins in the great exhibition of 1851 , with which henry cole , the museum 's first director , was involved in planning ; initially it was known as the museum of manufactures , first opening in may 1852 at marlborough house , but by september had been transferred to somerset house . <SEP> where
in 1855 the german architect gottfried semper , at the request of cole , produced a design for the museum , but it was rejected by the board of trade as too expensive . <SEP> which german architect
the official opening by queen victoria was on 22 june 1857 . <SEP> who
the official opening by queen victoria was on 22 june 1857 . <SEP> what
george wallis ( 1811–1891 ) , the first keeper of fine art collection , passionately promoted the idea of wide art education through the museum collections . <SEP> who
this led to the transfer to the museum of the school of design that had been founded in 1837 at somerset house ; after the transfer it was referred to as the art school or art training school , later to become the royal college of art which finally achieved full independence in 1949 . <SEP> in which year
before the return of the collections after the war , the britain can make it exhibition was held between september and november 1946 , attracting nearly a million and a half visitors . <SEP> when
before the return of the collections after the war , the britain can make it exhibition was held between september and november 1946 , attracting nearly a million and a half visitors . <SEP> how many visitors
the success of this exhibition led to the planning of the festival of britain ( 1951 ) . <SEP> who
by 1948 most of the collections had been returned to the museum . <SEP> most of the museum 's collection
in july 1973 , as part of its outreach programme to young people , the v & a became the first museum in britain to present a rock concert . <SEP> what
the v & a presented a combined concert/lecture by british progressive folk-rock band gryphon , who explored the lineage of mediaeval music and instrumentation and related how those contributed to contemporary music 500 years later . <SEP> which musical group
this innovative approach to bringing young people to museums was a hallmark of the directorship of roy strong and was subsequently emulated by some other british museums . <SEP> whose directorship
the v & a presented a combined concert/lecture by british progressive folk-rock band gryphon , who explored the lineage of mediaeval music and instrumentation and related how those contributed to contemporary music 500 years later . <SEP> which musical genre
the v & a is in discussion with the university of dundee , university of abertay , dundee city council and the scottish government with a view to opening a new £43 million gallery in dundee that would use the v & a brand although it would be funded through and operated independently . <SEP> in which city
as of 2015 , with costs estimated at £76 million , it is the most expensive gallery project ever undertaken in scotland . <SEP> what
the v & a dundee will be on the city 's waterfront and is intended to focus on fashion , architecture , product design , graphic arts and photography . <SEP> where in dundee
the v & a dundee will be on the city 's waterfront and is intended to focus on fashion , architecture , product design , graphic arts and photography . <SEP> what
it is planned that it could open within five years . <SEP> when
the land was occupied by brompton park house , which was extended , most notably by the " brompton boilers " , which were starkly utilitarian iron galleries with a temporary look and were later dismantled and used to build the v & a museum of childhood . <SEP> what
the first building to be erected that still forms part of the museum was the sheepshanks gallery in 1857 on the eastern side of the garden . <SEP> what
on the very northern edge of the site is situated the secretariat wing , also built in 1862 this houses the offices and board room etc . and is not open to the public . <SEP> in which year
on the very northern edge of the site is situated the secretariat wing , also built in 1862 this houses the offices and board room etc . and is not open to the public . <SEP> what
to the east of this were additional galleries , the decoration of which was the work of another designer owen jones , these were the oriental courts ( covering india , china and japan ) completed in 1863 , none of this decoration survives , part of these galleries became the new galleries covering the 19th century , opened in december 2006 . <SEP> who
the style adopted for this part of the museum was italian renaissance , much use was made of terracotta , brick and mosaic , this north façade was intended as the main entrance to the museum with its bronze doors designed by james gamble & reuben townroe having six panels depicting : humphry davy ( chemistry ) ; isaac newton ( astronomy ) ; james watt ( mechanics ) ; bramante ( architecture ) ; michelangelo ( sculpture ) ; titian ( painting ) ; thus representing the range of the museums collections , godfrey sykes also designed the terracotta embellishments and the mosaic in the pediment of the north façade commemorating the great exhibition the profits from which helped to fund the museum , this is flanked by terracotta statue groups by percival ball . <SEP> what art historical style
the style adopted for this part of the museum was italian renaissance , much use was made of terracotta , brick and mosaic , this north façade was intended as the main entrance to the museum with its bronze doors designed by james gamble & reuben townroe having six panels depicting : humphry davy ( chemistry ) ; isaac newton ( astronomy ) ; james watt ( mechanics ) ; bramante ( architecture ) ; michelangelo ( sculpture ) ; titian ( painting ) ; thus representing the range of the museums collections , godfrey sykes also designed the terracotta embellishments and the mosaic in the pediment of the north façade commemorating the great exhibition the profits from which helped to fund the museum , this is flanked by terracotta statue groups by percival ball . <SEP> who
the style adopted for this part of the museum was italian renaissance , much use was made of terracotta , brick and mosaic , this north façade was intended as the main entrance to the museum with its bronze doors designed by james gamble & reuben townroe having six panels depicting : humphry davy ( chemistry ) ; isaac newton ( astronomy ) ; james watt ( mechanics ) ; bramante ( architecture ) ; michelangelo ( sculpture ) ; titian ( painting ) ; thus representing the range of the museums collections , godfrey sykes also designed the terracotta embellishments and the mosaic in the pediment of the north façade commemorating the great exhibition the profits from which helped to fund the museum , this is flanked by terracotta statue groups by percival ball . <SEP> what famous english physicist and mathematician
the style adopted for this part of the museum was italian renaissance , much use was made of terracotta , brick and mosaic , this north façade was intended as the main entrance to the museum with its bronze doors designed by james gamble & reuben townroe having six panels depicting : humphry davy ( chemistry ) ; isaac newton ( astronomy ) ; james watt ( mechanics ) ; bramante ( architecture ) ; michelangelo ( sculpture ) ; titian ( painting ) ; thus representing the range of the museums collections , godfrey sykes also designed the terracotta embellishments and the mosaic in the pediment of the north façade commemorating the great exhibition the profits from which helped to fund the museum , this is flanked by terracotta statue groups by percival ball . <SEP> what italian painter
the green dining room 1866–68 was the work of philip webb and william morris , and displays elizabethan influences . <SEP> who
the lower part of the walls are panelled in wood with a band of paintings depicting fruit and the occasional figure , with moulded plaster foliage on the main part of the wall and a plaster frieze around the decorated ceiling and stained-glass windows by edward burne-jones . <SEP> who
the centre refreshment room 1865–77 was designed in a renaissance style by james gamble , the walls and even the ionic columns are covered in decorative and moulded ceramic tile , the ceiling consists of elaborate designs on enamelled metal sheets and matching stained-glass windows , the marble fireplace was designed and sculpted by alfred stevens and was removed from dorchester house prior to that building 's demolition in 1929 . <SEP> who
the centre refreshment room 1865–77 was designed in a renaissance style by james gamble , the walls and even the ionic columns are covered in decorative and moulded ceramic tile , the ceiling consists of elaborate designs on enamelled metal sheets and matching stained-glass windows , the marble fireplace was designed and sculpted by alfred stevens and was removed from dorchester house prior to that building 's demolition in 1929 . <SEP> who
the grill room 1876–81 was designed by sir edward poynter , the lower part of the walls consist of blue and white tiles with various figures and foliage enclosed by wood panelling , above there are large tiled scenes with figures depicting the four seasons and the twelve months these were painted by ladies from the art school then based in the museum , the windows are also stained glass , there is an elaborate cast-iron grill still in place . <SEP> who
with the death of captain francis fowke , royal engineers the next architect to work at the museum was colonel ( later major general ) henry young darracott scott , also of the royal engineers . <SEP> who
he designed to the north west of the garden the five-storey school for naval architects ( also known as the science schools ) , now the henry cole wing in 1867–72 . <SEP> what
scott 's assistant j.w . wild designed the impressive staircase that rises the full height of the building , made from cadeby stone the steps are 7 feet ( 2.1 m ) in length , the balustrades and columns are portland stone . <SEP> what stone
it is now used to jointly house the prints and architectural drawings of the v & a ( prints , drawings , paintings and photographs ) and royal institute of british architects ( riba drawings and archives collections ) ; and the sackler centre for arts education , which opened in 2008 . <SEP> what part of the v & a collection
it is now used to jointly house the prints and architectural drawings of the v & a ( prints , drawings , paintings and photographs ) and royal institute of british architects ( riba drawings and archives collections ) ; and the sackler centre for arts education , which opened in 2008 . <SEP> in which year
continuing the style of the earlier buildings , various designers were responsible for the decoration , the terracotta embellishments were again the work of godfrey sykes , although sgraffito was used to decorate the east side of the building designed by f. w. moody , a final embellishment were the wrought iron gates made as late as 1885 designed by starkie gardner , these lead to a passage through the building . <SEP> what technique
continuing the style of the earlier buildings , various designers were responsible for the decoration , the terracotta embellishments were again the work of godfrey sykes , although sgraffito was used to decorate the east side of the building designed by f. w. moody , a final embellishment were the wrought iron gates made as late as 1885 designed by starkie gardner , these lead to a passage through the building . <SEP> who
scott also designed the two cast courts 1870–73 to the southeast of the garden ( the site of the " brompton boilers " ) , these vast spaces have ceilings 70 feet ( 21 m ) in height to accommodate the plaster casts of parts of famous buildings , including trajan 's column ( in two separate pieces ) . <SEP> where on the side
the final part of the museum designed by scott was the art library and what is now the sculpture gallery on the south side of the garden , built 1877–83 , the exterior mosaic panels in the parapet were designed by reuben townroe who also designed the plaster work in the library , sir john taylor designed the book shelves and cases , also this was the first part of the museum to have electric lighting . <SEP> where
the final part of the museum designed by scott was the art library and what is now the sculpture gallery on the south side of the garden , built 1877–83 , the exterior mosaic panels in the parapet were designed by reuben townroe who also designed the plaster work in the library , sir john taylor designed the book shelves and cases , also this was the first part of the museum to have electric lighting . <SEP> who
the main façade , built from red brick and portland stone , stretches 720 feet ( 220 m ) along cromwell gardens and was designed by aston webb after winning a competition in 1891 to extend the museum . <SEP> who
the main façade , built from red brick and portland stone , stretches 720 feet ( 220 m ) along cromwell gardens and was designed by aston webb after winning a competition in 1891 to extend the museum . <SEP> what building
the main façade , built from red brick and portland stone , stretches 720 feet ( 220 m ) along cromwell gardens and was designed by aston webb after winning a competition in 1891 to extend the museum . <SEP> how long
likewise the tower above the main entrance has an open work crown surmounted by a statue of fame , a feature of late gothic architecture and a feature common in scotland , but the detail is classical . <SEP> what late gothic architectural sculptural feature
the main windows to the galleries are also mullioned and transomed , again a gothic feature , the top row of windows are interspersed with statues of many of the british artists whose work is displayed in the museum . <SEP> statues of british artists
prince albert appears within the main arch above the twin entrances , queen victoria above the frame around the arches and entrance , sculpted by alfred drury . <SEP> who
these façades surround four levels of galleries . <SEP> how many levels of galleries
prince albert appears within the main arch above the twin entrances , queen victoria above the frame around the arches and entrance , sculpted by alfred drury . <SEP> who
the interior makes much use of marble in the entrance hall and flanking staircases , although the galleries as originally designed were white with restrained classical detail and mouldings , very much in contrast to the elaborate decoration of the victorian galleries , although much of this decoration was removed in the early 20th century . <SEP> what building
prince albert appears within the main arch above the twin entrances , queen victoria above the frame around the arches and entrance , sculpted by alfred drury . <SEP> which british monarch
the 1950s and early 1960s saw little in the way of building work ; the first major work was the creation of new storage space for books in the art library in 1966 and 1967 . <SEP> which part of the museum
in 1974 the museum had acquired what is now the henry cole wing from the royal college of science . <SEP> what
to link this to the rest of the museum , a new entrance building was constructed on the site of the former boiler house , the intended site of the spiral , between 1978 and 1982 . <SEP> what
this building is of concrete and very functional , the only embellishment being the iron gates by christopher hay and douglas coyne of the royal college of art . <SEP> who
to link this to the rest of the museum , a new entrance building was constructed on the site of the former boiler house , the intended site of the spiral , between 1978 and 1982 . <SEP> what
a few galleries were redesigned in the 1990s including the indian , japanese , chinese , iron work , the main glass galleries and the main silverware gallery which was further enhanced in 2002 when some of the victorian decoration was recreated . <SEP> which gallery
as part of the 2006 renovation the mosaic floors in the sculpture gallery were restored—most of the victorian floors were covered in linoleum after the second world war . <SEP> what
after the success of the british galleries , opened in 2001 , it was decided to embark on a major redesign of all the galleries in the museum ; this is known as " futureplan " , and was created in consultation with the exhibition designers and masterplanners metaphor . <SEP> what
to date several galleries have been redesigned , notably , in 2002 : the main silver gallery , contemporary ; in 2003 : photography , the main entrance , the painting galleries ; in 2004 : the tunnel to the subway leading to south kensington tube station , new signage throughout the museum , architecture , v & a and riba reading rooms and stores , metalware , members ' room , contemporary glass , the gilbert bayes sculpture gallery ; in 2005 : portrait miniatures , prints and drawings , displays in room 117 , the garden , sacred silver and stained glass ; in 2006 : central hall shop , islamic middle east , the new café , sculpture galleries . <SEP> to which tube station
gareth hoskins was responsible for contemporary and architecture , softroom , islamic middle east and the members ' room , mcinnes usher mcknight architects ( muma ) were responsible for the new cafe and designed the new medieval and renaissance galleries which opened in 2009 . <SEP> who
the central garden was redesigned by kim wilkie and opened as the john madejski garden , on 5 july 2005 . <SEP> who
the central garden was redesigned by kim wilkie and opened as the john madejski garden , on 5 july 2005 . <SEP> what new moniker
the design is a subtle blend of the traditional and modern , the layout is formal ; there is an elliptical water feature lined in stone with steps around the edge which may be drained to use the area for receptions , gatherings or exhibition purposes . <SEP> what shape
the design is a subtle blend of the traditional and modern , the layout is formal ; there is an elliptical water feature lined in stone with steps around the edge which may be drained to use the area for receptions , gatherings or exhibition purposes . <SEP> what
this is in front of the bronze doors leading to the refreshment rooms , a central path flanked by lawns leads to the sculpture gallery ; the north , east and west sides have herbaceous borders along the museum walls with paths in front which continues along the south façade ; in the two corners by the north façade there is planted an american sweetgum tree ; the southern , eastern and western edges of the lawns have glass planters which contain orange and lemon trees in summer , these are replaced by bay trees in winter . <SEP> which tree species
in 2004 , the v & a alongside royal institute of british architects opened the first permanent gallery in the uk covering the history of architecture with displays using models , photographs , elements from buildings and original drawings . <SEP> in which year
in 2004 , the v & a alongside royal institute of british architects opened the first permanent gallery in the uk covering the history of architecture with displays using models , photographs , elements from buildings and original drawings . <SEP> which institution
with the opening of the new gallery , the riba drawings and archives collection has been transferred to the museum , joining the already extensive collection held by the v & a . with over 600,000 drawings , over 750,000 papers and paraphernalia , and over 700,000 photographs from around the world , together they form the world 's most comprehensive architectural resource . <SEP> approximately how many
with the opening of the new gallery , the riba drawings and archives collection has been transferred to the museum , joining the already extensive collection held by the v & a . with over 600,000 drawings , over 750,000 papers and paraphernalia , and over 700,000 photographs from around the world , together they form the world 's most comprehensive architectural resource . <SEP> what collection
with the opening of the new gallery , the riba drawings and archives collection has been transferred to the museum , joining the already extensive collection held by the v & a . with over 600,000 drawings , over 750,000 papers and paraphernalia , and over 700,000 photographs from around the world , together they form the world 's most comprehensive architectural resource . <SEP> approximately how many
the riba 's holdings of over 330 drawings by andrea palladio are the largest in the world , other europeans well represented are jacques gentilhatre and antonio visentini . <SEP> what
british architects whose drawings , and in some cases models of their buildings , in the collection , include : inigo jones , sir christopher wren , sir john vanbrugh , nicholas hawksmoor , william kent , james gibbs , robert adam , sir william chambers , james wyatt , henry holland , john nash , sir john soane , sir charles barry , charles robert cockerell , augustus welby northmore pugin , sir george gilbert scott , john loughborough pearson , george edmund street , richard norman shaw , alfred waterhouse , sir edwin lutyens , charles rennie mackintosh , charles holden , frank hoar , lord richard rogers , lord norman foster , sir nicholas grimshaw , zaha hadid and alick horsnell . <SEP> which
the riba 's holdings of over 330 drawings by andrea palladio are the largest in the world , other europeans well represented are jacques gentilhatre and antonio visentini . <SEP> approximately how many drawings of the italian architect andrea palladio
british architects whose drawings , and in some cases models of their buildings , in the collection , include : inigo jones , sir christopher wren , sir john vanbrugh , nicholas hawksmoor , william kent , james gibbs , robert adam , sir william chambers , james wyatt , henry holland , john nash , sir john soane , sir charles barry , charles robert cockerell , augustus welby northmore pugin , sir george gilbert scott , john loughborough pearson , george edmund street , richard norman shaw , alfred waterhouse , sir edwin lutyens , charles rennie mackintosh , charles holden , frank hoar , lord richard rogers , lord norman foster , sir nicholas grimshaw , zaha hadid and alick horsnell . <SEP> which
british architects whose drawings , and in some cases models of their buildings , in the collection , include : inigo jones , sir christopher wren , sir john vanbrugh , nicholas hawksmoor , william kent , james gibbs , robert adam , sir william chambers , james wyatt , henry holland , john nash , sir john soane , sir charles barry , charles robert cockerell , augustus welby northmore pugin , sir george gilbert scott , john loughborough pearson , george edmund street , richard norman shaw , alfred waterhouse , sir edwin lutyens , charles rennie mackintosh , charles holden , frank hoar , lord richard rogers , lord norman foster , sir nicholas grimshaw , zaha hadid and alick horsnell . <SEP> which
as well as period rooms , the collection includes parts of buildings , for example the two top stories of the facade of sir paul pindar 's house dated c1600 from bishopsgate with elaborately carved wood work and leaded windows , a rare survivor of the great fire of london , there is a brick portal from a london house of the english restoration period and a fireplace from the gallery of northumberland house . <SEP> which part of london
as well as period rooms , the collection includes parts of buildings , for example the two top stories of the facade of sir paul pindar 's house dated c1600 from bishopsgate with elaborately carved wood work and leaded windows , a rare survivor of the great fire of london , there is a brick portal from a london house of the english restoration period and a fireplace from the gallery of northumberland house . <SEP> when
european examples include a dormer window dated 1523–35 from the chateau of montal . <SEP> which european chateau
the main architecture gallery has a series of pillars from various buildings and different periods , for example a column from the alhambra . <SEP> which
the v & a holds over 19,000 items from the islamic world , ranging from the early islamic period ( the 7th century ) to the early 20th century . <SEP> approximately how many items from the islamic world
the jameel gallery of islamic art , opened in 2006 , houses a representative display of 400 objects with the highlight being the ardabil carpet , the centrepiece of the gallery . <SEP> in which year
the jameel gallery of islamic art , opened in 2006 , houses a representative display of 400 objects with the highlight being the ardabil carpet , the centrepiece of the gallery . <SEP> what
the displays in this gallery cover objects from spain , north africa , the middle east , central asia and afghanistan . <SEP> from which european country
the collection of middle eastern and persian rugs and carpets is amongst the finest in the world , many were part of the salting bequest of 1909 . <SEP> in which year
the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art are the most comprehensive and important in the west comprising nearly 60,000 objects , including about 10,000 textiles and 6000 paintings , the range of the collection is immense . <SEP> approximately how many objects
the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art are the most comprehensive and important in the west comprising nearly 60,000 objects , including about 10,000 textiles and 6000 paintings , the range of the collection is immense . <SEP> approximately how many textiles
the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art are the most comprehensive and important in the west comprising nearly 60,000 objects , including about 10,000 textiles and 6000 paintings , the range of the collection is immense . <SEP> approximately how many paintings
the jawaharlal nehru gallery of indian art , opened in 1991 , contains art from about 500 bc to the 19th century . <SEP> in which year
the jawaharlal nehru gallery of indian art , opened in 1991 , contains art from about 500 bc to the 19th century . <SEP> who
the far eastern collections include more than 70,000 works of art from the countries of east asia : china , japan and korea . <SEP> approximately how many works of art
the far eastern collections include more than 70,000 works of art from the countries of east asia : china , japan and korea . <SEP> which countries
the t. tsui gallery of chinese art opened in 1991 , displaying a representative collection of the v & as approximately 16,000 objects from china , dating from the 4th millennium bc to the present day . <SEP> what
the t. tsui gallery of chinese art opened in 1991 , displaying a representative collection of the v & as approximately 16,000 objects from china , dating from the 4th millennium bc to the present day . <SEP> in which year
though the majority of art works on display date from the ming and qing dynasties , there are exquisite examples of objects dating from the tang dynasty and earlier periods . <SEP> which
the toshiba gallery of japanese art opened in december 1986 . <SEP> which company
the toshiba gallery of japanese art opened in december 1986 . <SEP> in which year
the majority of exhibits date from 1550 to 1900 , but one of the oldest pieces displayed is the 13th-century sculpture of amida nyorai . <SEP> that
one of the finest objects displayed is suzuki chokichi 's bronze incense burner ( koro ) dated 1875 , standing at over 2.25 metres high and 1.25 metres in diameter it is also one of the largest examples made . <SEP> of what
tibetan art from the 14th to the 19th century is represented by notable 14th- and 15th-century religious images in wood and bronze , scroll paintings and ritual objects . <SEP> tibetan art from which period
art from thailand , burma , cambodia , indonesia and sri lanka in gold , silver , bronze , stone , terracotta and ivory represents these rich and complex cultures , the displays span the 6th to 19th centuries . <SEP> which south asian island nation
refined hindu and buddhist sculptures reflect the influence of india ; items on show include betel-nut cutters , ivory combs and bronze palanquin hooks . <SEP> in which
korean displays include green-glazed ceramics , silk embroideries from officials ' robes and gleaming boxes inlaid with mother-of-pearl made between 500 ad and 2000 . <SEP> with what objects
refined hindu and buddhist sculptures reflect the influence of india ; items on show include betel-nut cutters , ivory combs and bronze palanquin hooks . <SEP> of what material
one of the great treasures in the library is the codex forster , some of leonardo da vinci 's note books . <SEP> by which
the codex consists of three parchment-bound manuscripts , forster i , forster ii , and forster iii , quite small in size , dated between 1490 and 1505 . <SEP> what
the reverend alexander dyce was another benefactor of the library , leaving over 14,000 books to the museum in 1869 . <SEP> how
the reverend alexander dyce was another benefactor of the library , leaving over 14,000 books to the museum in 1869 . <SEP> in which year
these were bequeathed with over 18,000 books to the museum in 1876 by john forster . <SEP> in which year
writers whose papers are in the library are as diverse as charles dickens and beatrix potter . <SEP> which
writers whose papers are in the library are as diverse as charles dickens and beatrix potter . <SEP> which
illuminated manuscripts in the library dating from the 12th to 16th centuries include : the eadwine psalter [ citation needed ] , canterbury ; pocket book of hours , reims ; missal from the royal abbey of saint denis , paris ; the simon marmion book of hours , bruges ; 1524 charter illuminated by lucas horenbout , london ; the armagnac manuscript of the trial and rehabilitation of joan of arc , rouen . <SEP> to which centuries
illuminated manuscripts in the library dating from the 12th to 16th centuries include : the eadwine psalter [ citation needed ] , canterbury ; pocket book of hours , reims ; missal from the royal abbey of saint denis , paris ; the simon marmion book of hours , bruges ; 1524 charter illuminated by lucas horenbout , london ; the armagnac manuscript of the trial and rehabilitation of joan of arc , rouen . <SEP> what
illuminated manuscripts in the library dating from the 12th to 16th centuries include : the eadwine psalter [ citation needed ] , canterbury ; pocket book of hours , reims ; missal from the royal abbey of saint denis , paris ; the simon marmion book of hours , bruges ; 1524 charter illuminated by lucas horenbout , london ; the armagnac manuscript of the trial and rehabilitation of joan of arc , rouen . <SEP> who
the national art library ( also called word and image department ) at the victoria and albert museum collection catalog used to be kept in different formats including printed exhibit catalogs , and card catalogs . <SEP> by what other name
a computer system called modes cataloging system was used from the 1980s to the 1990s , but those electronic files were not available to the library users . <SEP> what cataloging system
all of the archival material at the national art library is using encoded archival description ( ead ) . <SEP> what archival system
the victoria and albert museum has a computer system but most of the items in the collection , unless those were newly accessioned into the collection , probably do not show up in the computer system . <SEP> what type of item
there is a feature on the victoria and albert museum web-site called " search the collections , " but not everything is listed there . <SEP> what
a large scale digitization project began in 2007 in that department . <SEP> in which year
the second step of the factory project is to catalog everything . <SEP> what
that project was entitled the factory project to reference andy warhol and to create a factory to completely digitize the collection . <SEP> to which artist
15,000 images were taken during the first year of the factory project , including drawings , watercolors , computer-generated art , photographs , posters , and woodcuts . <SEP> approximately how many images
the second step of the factory project is to catalog everything . <SEP> what
not only the work of british artists and craftspeople is on display , but also work produced by european artists that was purchased or commissioned by british patrons , as well as imports from asia , including porcelain , cloth and wallpaper . <SEP> who
not only the work of british artists and craftspeople is on display , but also work produced by european artists that was purchased or commissioned by british patrons , as well as imports from asia , including porcelain , cloth and wallpaper . <SEP> from which continent
designers and artists whose work is on display in the galleries include gian lorenzo bernini , grinling gibbons , daniel marot , louis laguerre , antonio verrio , sir james thornhill , william kent , robert adam , josiah wedgwood , matthew boulton , canova , thomas chippendale , pugin , william morris . <SEP> which italian that
patrons who have influenced taste are also represented by works of art from their collections , these include : horace walpole ( a major influence on the gothic revival ) , william thomas beckford and thomas hope . <SEP> which artist who had a major influence on the gothic revival
not only the work of british artists and craftspeople is on display , but also work produced by european artists that was purchased or commissioned by british patrons , as well as imports from asia , including porcelain , cloth and wallpaper . <SEP> what type of works from asia
for example , the increase in tea drinking led to the production of tea paraphernalia such as china and caddies . <SEP> what
in the georgian age there was increasing emphasis on entertainment and leisure . <SEP> what british cultural trend during the georgian
there is a large display on the great exhibition which , among other things , led to the founding of the v & a . in the later 19th century , the increasing backlash against industrialization , led by john ruskin , contributed to the arts and crafts movement . <SEP> who
as the industrial revolution took hold , the growth of mass production produced entrepreneurs such as josiah wedgwood , matthew boulton and eleanor coade . <SEP> what
one of these is dominated by a full-scale replica of trajan 's column , cut in half in order to fit under the ceiling . <SEP> which ancient roman monument
one of these is dominated by a full-scale replica of trajan 's column , cut in half in order to fit under the ceiling . <SEP> what
the other includes reproductions of various works of italian renaissance sculpture and architecture , including a full-size replica of michelangelo 's david . <SEP> which sculpture by michelangelo
one of the most dramatic parts of the museum is the cast courts in the sculpture wing , comprising two large , skylighted rooms two storeys high housing hundreds of plaster casts of sculptures , friezes and tombs . <SEP> of what objects
replicas of two earlier davids by donatello 's david and verrocchio 's david , are also included , although for conservation reasons the verrocchio replica is displayed in a glass case . <SEP> how
among the finest examples are the meissen vulture from 1731 and the möllendorff dinner service , designed in 1762 by frederick ii the great . <SEP> in which year
among the finest examples are the meissen vulture from 1731 and the möllendorff dinner service , designed in 1762 by frederick ii the great . <SEP> who
among the finest examples are the meissen vulture from 1731 and the möllendorff dinner service , designed in 1762 by frederick ii the great . <SEP> in which year
a major boost to the collections was the salting bequest made in 1909 , which enriched the museum 's stock of chinese and japanese ceramics . <SEP> in which year
a major boost to the collections was the salting bequest made in 1909 , which enriched the museum 's stock of chinese and japanese ceramics . <SEP> which part of the v & a collection
many famous potters , such as josiah wedgwood , william de morgan and bernard leach as well as mintons & royal doulton are represented in the collection . <SEP> which three famous british potters
there is an extensive collection of delftware produced in both britain and holland , which includes a circa 1695 flower pyramid over a metre in height . <SEP> from which countries
the largest objects in the collection are a series of elaborately ornamented ceramic stoves from the 16th and 17th centuries , made in germany and switzerland . <SEP> what
the largest objects in the collection are a series of elaborately ornamented ceramic stoves from the 16th and 17th centuries , made in germany and switzerland . <SEP> during which time period
the largest objects in the collection are a series of elaborately ornamented ceramic stoves from the 16th and 17th centuries , made in germany and switzerland . <SEP> in which countries
the glass collection covers 4000 years of glass making , and has over 6000 items from africa , britain , europe , america and asia . <SEP> how many years
the glass collection covers 4000 years of glass making , and has over 6000 items from africa , britain , europe , america and asia . <SEP> approximately how many items
the earliest glassware on display comes from ancient egypt and continues through the ancient roman , medieval , renaissance covering areas such as venetian glass and bohemian glass and more recent periods , including art nouveau glass by louis comfort tiffany and émile gallé , the art deco style is represented by several examples by rené lalique . <SEP> where
the earliest glassware on display comes from ancient egypt and continues through the ancient roman , medieval , renaissance covering areas such as venetian glass and bohemian glass and more recent periods , including art nouveau glass by louis comfort tiffany and émile gallé , the art deco style is represented by several examples by rené lalique . <SEP> by which artist
the earliest glassware on display comes from ancient egypt and continues through the ancient roman , medieval , renaissance covering areas such as venetian glass and bohemian glass and more recent periods , including art nouveau glass by louis comfort tiffany and émile gallé , the art deco style is represented by several examples by rené lalique . <SEP> by which two artists
the main gallery was redesigned in 1994 , the glass balustrade on the staircase and mezzanine are the work of danny lane , the gallery covering contemporary glass opened in 2004 and the sacred silver and stained-glass gallery in 2005 . <SEP> when
the main gallery was redesigned in 1994 , the glass balustrade on the staircase and mezzanine are the work of danny lane , the gallery covering contemporary glass opened in 2004 and the sacred silver and stained-glass gallery in 2005 . <SEP> who
the main gallery was redesigned in 1994 , the glass balustrade on the staircase and mezzanine are the work of danny lane , the gallery covering contemporary glass opened in 2004 and the sacred silver and stained-glass gallery in 2005 . <SEP> when
one of the most spectacular items in the collection is the chandelier by dale chihuly in the rotunda at the museum 's main entrance . <SEP> whose chandelier grace the rotunda at the v & a 's main entrance
the important 13th-century glass beaker known as the luck of edenhall is also displayed in these galleries . <SEP> to which century
the collection of drawings includes over 10,000 british and 2,000 old master works , including works by : dürer , giovanni benedetto castiglione , bernardo buontalenti , rembrandt , antonio verrio , paul sandby , john russell , angelica kauffman , john flaxman , hugh douglas hamilton , thomas rowlandson , william kilburn , thomas girtin , jean auguste dominique ingres , david wilkie , john martin , samuel palmer , sir edwin henry landseer , lord frederic leighton , sir samuel luke fildes and aubrey beardsley . <SEP> approximately how many british drawings
the collection of drawings includes over 10,000 british and 2,000 old master works , including works by : dürer , giovanni benedetto castiglione , bernardo buontalenti , rembrandt , antonio verrio , paul sandby , john russell , angelica kauffman , john flaxman , hugh douglas hamilton , thomas rowlandson , william kilburn , thomas girtin , jean auguste dominique ingres , david wilkie , john martin , samuel palmer , sir edwin henry landseer , lord frederic leighton , sir samuel luke fildes and aubrey beardsley . <SEP> approximately how many old masters works
the collection of drawings includes over 10,000 british and 2,000 old master works , including works by : dürer , giovanni benedetto castiglione , bernardo buontalenti , rembrandt , antonio verrio , paul sandby , john russell , angelica kauffman , john flaxman , hugh douglas hamilton , thomas rowlandson , william kilburn , thomas girtin , jean auguste dominique ingres , david wilkie , john martin , samuel palmer , sir edwin henry landseer , lord frederic leighton , sir samuel luke fildes and aubrey beardsley . <SEP> which famous germain renaissance painter and printmaker
the collection of drawings includes over 10,000 british and 2,000 old master works , including works by : dürer , giovanni benedetto castiglione , bernardo buontalenti , rembrandt , antonio verrio , paul sandby , john russell , angelica kauffman , john flaxman , hugh douglas hamilton , thomas rowlandson , william kilburn , thomas girtin , jean auguste dominique ingres , david wilkie , john martin , samuel palmer , sir edwin henry landseer , lord frederic leighton , sir samuel luke fildes and aubrey beardsley . <SEP> which
the collection of drawings includes over 10,000 british and 2,000 old master works , including works by : dürer , giovanni benedetto castiglione , bernardo buontalenti , rembrandt , antonio verrio , paul sandby , john russell , angelica kauffman , john flaxman , hugh douglas hamilton , thomas rowlandson , william kilburn , thomas girtin , jean auguste dominique ingres , david wilkie , john martin , samuel palmer , sir edwin henry landseer , lord frederic leighton , sir samuel luke fildes and aubrey beardsley . <SEP> which
the costume collection is the most comprehensive in britain , containing over 14,000 outfits plus accessories , mainly dating from 1600 to the present . <SEP> approximately how many items
costume sketches , design notebooks , and other works on paper are typically held by the word and image department . <SEP> which department
because everyday clothing from previous eras has not generally survived , the collection is dominated by fashionable clothes made for special occasions . <SEP> why
one of the first significant gifts of costume came in 1913 when the v & a received the talbot hughes collection containing 1,442 costumes and items as a gift from harrods following its display at the nearby department store . <SEP> in which year
one of the first significant gifts of costume came in 1913 when the v & a received the talbot hughes collection containing 1,442 costumes and items as a gift from harrods following its display at the nearby department store . <SEP> from which company
in 2002 , the museum acquired the costiff collection of 178 vivienne westwood costumes . <SEP> when
in 2002 , the museum acquired the costiff collection of 178 vivienne westwood costumes . <SEP> which
in 2002 , the museum acquired the costiff collection of 178 vivienne westwood costumes . <SEP> how many costumes
in 2002 , the museum acquired the costiff collection of 178 vivienne westwood costumes . <SEP> what costumes collection
the museum continues to acquire examples of modern fashion to add to the collection . <SEP> which examples of fashion
the soulages collection of italian and french renaissance objects was acquired between 1859 and 1865 , and includes several cassone . <SEP> from which period
the soulages collection of italian and french renaissance objects was acquired between 1859 and 1865 , and includes several cassone . <SEP> when
the john jones collection of french 18th-century art and furnishings was left to the museum in 1882 , then valued at £250,000 . <SEP> what
the john jones collection of french 18th-century art and furnishings was left to the museum in 1882 , then valued at £250,000 . <SEP> in which year
the john jones collection of french 18th-century art and furnishings was left to the museum in 1882 , then valued at £250,000 . <SEP> what
there are a set of beautiful inlaid doors , dated 1580 from antwerp city hall , attributed to hans vredeman de vries . <SEP> to which year
there are a set of beautiful inlaid doors , dated 1580 from antwerp city hall , attributed to hans vredeman de vries . <SEP> to whom
one of the finest pieces of continental furniture in the collection is the rococo augustus rex bureau cabinet dated c1750 from germany , with especially fine marquetry and ormolu mounts . <SEP> to which year
one of the finest pieces of continental furniture in the collection is the rococo augustus rex bureau cabinet dated c1750 from germany , with especially fine marquetry and ormolu mounts . <SEP> from which country
the work of modernists in the collection include le corbusier , marcel breuer , charles and ray eames , and giò ponti . <SEP> which husband and wife modern furniture design team
the jewellery collection , containing over 6000 items is one of the finest and most comprehensive collections of jewellery in the world and includes works dating from ancient egypt to the present day , as well as jewellery designs on paper . <SEP> approximately how many items
the jewellery collection , containing over 6000 items is one of the finest and most comprehensive collections of jewellery in the world and includes works dating from ancient egypt to the present day , as well as jewellery designs on paper . <SEP> from which ancient civilization
major bequests include reverend chauncy hare townshend 's collection of 154 gems bequeathed in 1869 , lady cory 's 1951 gift of major diamond jewellery from the 18th and 19th centuries , and jewellery scholar dame joan evans ' 1977 gift of more than 800 jewels dating from the middle ages to the early 19th century . <SEP> in which year
major bequests include reverend chauncy hare townshend 's collection of 154 gems bequeathed in 1869 , lady cory 's 1951 gift of major diamond jewellery from the 18th and 19th centuries , and jewellery scholar dame joan evans ' 1977 gift of more than 800 jewels dating from the middle ages to the early 19th century . <SEP> approximately how many gems in reverend chauncy hare townshend 's collection
a new jewellery gallery , funded by william and judith bollinger , opened on 24 may 2008 . <SEP> who
there are over 10,000 objects made from silver or gold in the collection , the display ( about 15 % of the collection ) is divided into secular and sacred covering both christian ( roman catholic , anglican and greek orthodox ) and jewish liturgical vessels and items . <SEP> into which categories
the collection includes the earliest known piece of english silver with a dated hallmark , a silver gilt beaker dated 1496–97 . <SEP> to which year
one of the largest items is the hereford screen , weighing nearly 8 tonnes , 10.5 metres high and 11 metres wide , designed by sir george gilbert scott in 1862 for the chancel in hereford cathedral , from which it was removed in 1967 . <SEP> how many tons
one of the largest items is the hereford screen , weighing nearly 8 tonnes , 10.5 metres high and 11 metres wide , designed by sir george gilbert scott in 1862 for the chancel in hereford cathedral , from which it was removed in 1967 . <SEP> who
there are over 10,000 objects made from silver or gold in the collection , the display ( about 15 % of the collection ) is divided into secular and sacred covering both christian ( roman catholic , anglican and greek orthodox ) and jewish liturgical vessels and items . <SEP> approximately how many silver and gold objects
one of the rarest items in the collection is the 58 cm high gloucester candlestick , dated to c1110 , made from gilt bronze ; with highly elaborate and intricate intertwining branches containing small figures and inscriptions , it is a tour de force of bronze casting . <SEP> to which year
one of the rarest items in the collection is the 58 cm high gloucester candlestick , dated to c1110 , made from gilt bronze ; with highly elaborate and intricate intertwining branches containing small figures and inscriptions , it is a tour de force of bronze casting . <SEP> which material
also of importance is the becket casket dated c1180 to contain relics of st thomas becket , made from gilt copper , with enamelled scenes of the saint 's martyrdom . <SEP> whose relics
also of importance is the becket casket dated c1180 to contain relics of st thomas becket , made from gilt copper , with enamelled scenes of the saint 's martyrdom . <SEP> to which year
also of importance is the becket casket dated c1180 to contain relics of st thomas becket , made from gilt copper , with enamelled scenes of the saint 's martyrdom . <SEP> which material
an online petition of over 5,100 names on the parliamentary website led to chris smith asking parliament about the future of the collection . <SEP> approximately how many names
the answer , from bryan davies was that the museum intended to preserve and care for the collection and keep it available to the public , with items being redistributed to the british galleries , the medieval & renaissance galleries , and the planned new galleries for furniture and europe 1600–1800 , and that the horniman museum and other institutions were possible candidates for loans of material to ensure that the instruments remained publicly viewable . <SEP> which member of parliament
the answer , from bryan davies was that the museum intended to preserve and care for the collection and keep it available to the public , with items being redistributed to the british galleries , the medieval & renaissance galleries , and the planned new galleries for furniture and europe 1600–1800 , and that the horniman museum and other institutions were possible candidates for loans of material to ensure that the instruments remained publicly viewable . <SEP> which museum
the horniman went on to host a joint exhibition with the v & a of musical instruments , and has the loan of 35 instruments from the museum . <SEP> approximately how many musical instruments
the musical instruments gallery closed 25 february 2010 , a decision which was highly controversial . <SEP> in which year
the collection includes about 1130 british and 650 european oil paintings , 6800 british watercolours , pastels and 2000 miniatures , for which the museum holds the national collection . <SEP> approximately how many british oil paintings
the collection includes about 1130 british and 650 european oil paintings , 6800 british watercolours , pastels and 2000 miniatures , for which the museum holds the national collection . <SEP> approximately how many european oil paintings
the collection includes about 1130 british and 650 european oil paintings , 6800 british watercolours , pastels and 2000 miniatures , for which the museum holds the national collection . <SEP> approximately how many british watercolours
also on loan to the museum , from her majesty the queen elizabeth ii , are the raphael cartoons : the seven surviving ( there were ten ) full scale designs for tapestries in the sistine chapel , of the lives of peter and paul from the gospels and the acts of the apostles . <SEP> who
one of the largest objects in the collection is the spanish tempera on wood , 670 x 486 cm , retable of st george , c. 1400 , consisting of numerous scenes and painted by andrés marzal de sax in valencia . <SEP> who
in 1857 john sheepshanks donated 233 paintings , mainly by contemporary british artists , and a similar number of drawings to the museum with the intention of forming a ' a national gallery of british art ' , a role since taken on by tate britain ; artists represented are william blake , james barry , henry fuseli , sir edwin henry landseer , sir david wilkie , william mulready , william powell frith , millais and hippolyte delaroche . <SEP> in which year
in 1857 john sheepshanks donated 233 paintings , mainly by contemporary british artists , and a similar number of drawings to the museum with the intention of forming a ' a national gallery of british art ' , a role since taken on by tate britain ; artists represented are william blake , james barry , henry fuseli , sir edwin henry landseer , sir david wilkie , william mulready , william powell frith , millais and hippolyte delaroche . <SEP> how many paintings
in 1857 john sheepshanks donated 233 paintings , mainly by contemporary british artists , and a similar number of drawings to the museum with the intention of forming a ' a national gallery of british art ' , a role since taken on by tate britain ; artists represented are william blake , james barry , henry fuseli , sir edwin henry landseer , sir david wilkie , william mulready , william powell frith , millais and hippolyte delaroche . <SEP> what
although some of constable 's works came to the museum with the sheepshanks bequest , the majority of the artist 's works were donated by his daughter isabel in 1888 , including the large number of sketches in oil , the most significant being the 1821 full size oil sketch for the hay wain . <SEP> of which
in 1857 john sheepshanks donated 233 paintings , mainly by contemporary british artists , and a similar number of drawings to the museum with the intention of forming a ' a national gallery of british art ' , a role since taken on by tate britain ; artists represented are william blake , james barry , henry fuseli , sir edwin henry landseer , sir david wilkie , william mulready , william powell frith , millais and hippolyte delaroche . <SEP> of which nationality
several french paintings entered the collection as part of the 260 paintings and miniatures ( not all the works were french , for example carlo crivelli 's virgin and child ) that formed part of the jones bequest of 1882 and as such are displayed in the galleries of continental art 1600–1800 , including the portrait of françois , duc d'alençon by françois clouet , gaspard dughet and works by françois boucher including his portrait of madame de pompadour dated 1758 , jean françois de troy , jean-baptiste pater and their contemporaries . <SEP> in which galleries
several french paintings entered the collection as part of the 260 paintings and miniatures ( not all the works were french , for example carlo crivelli 's virgin and child ) that formed part of the jones bequest of 1882 and as such are displayed in the galleries of continental art 1600–1800 , including the portrait of françois , duc d'alençon by françois clouet , gaspard dughet and works by françois boucher including his portrait of madame de pompadour dated 1758 , jean françois de troy , jean-baptiste pater and their contemporaries . <SEP> whose 1758 portrait by françois boucher
several french paintings entered the collection as part of the 260 paintings and miniatures ( not all the works were french , for example carlo crivelli 's virgin and child ) that formed part of the jones bequest of 1882 and as such are displayed in the galleries of continental art 1600–1800 , including the portrait of françois , duc d'alençon by françois clouet , gaspard dughet and works by françois boucher including his portrait of madame de pompadour dated 1758 , jean françois de troy , jean-baptiste pater and their contemporaries . <SEP> what
several french paintings entered the collection as part of the 260 paintings and miniatures ( not all the works were french , for example carlo crivelli 's virgin and child ) that formed part of the jones bequest of 1882 and as such are displayed in the galleries of continental art 1600–1800 , including the portrait of françois , duc d'alençon by françois clouet , gaspard dughet and works by françois boucher including his portrait of madame de pompadour dated 1758 , jean françois de troy , jean-baptiste pater and their contemporaries . <SEP> whose portrait by françois clouet
one of the more unusual collections is that of eadweard muybridge 's photographs of animal locomotion of 1887 , this consists of 781 plates . <SEP> who
one of the more unusual collections is that of eadweard muybridge 's photographs of animal locomotion of 1887 , this consists of 781 plates . <SEP> in which year
one of the more unusual collections is that of eadweard muybridge 's photographs of animal locomotion of 1887 , this consists of 781 plates . <SEP> how many
these sequences of photographs taken a fraction of a second apart capture images of different animals and humans performimg various actions . <SEP> what
the museum also holds james lafayette 's society portraits , a collection of more than 600 photographs dating from the late 19th to early 20th centuries and portraying a wide range of society figures of the period , including bishops , generals , society ladies , indian maharajas , ethiopian rulers and other foreign leaders , actresses , people posing in their motor cars and a sequence of photographs recording the guests at the famous fancy-dress ball held at devonshire house in 1897 to celebrate queen victoria 's diamond jubilee . <SEP> whose society portraits from the late 19th to early 20th centuries
there are approximately 22,000 objects in the collection that cover the period from about 400 ad to 1914 . <SEP> approximately how many objects
there are approximately 22,000 objects in the collection that cover the period from about 400 ad to 1914 . <SEP> which time period
all uses of sculpture are represented , from tomb and memorial , to portrait , allegorical , religious , mythical , statues for gardens including fountains , as well as architectural decorations . <SEP> which uses of sculpture
it includes canova 's the three graces , which the museum jointly owns with national galleries of scotland . <SEP> with which
italian sculptors whose work is held by the museum include : bartolomeo bon , bartolomeo bellano , luca della robbia , giovanni pisano , donatello , agostino di duccio , andrea riccio , antonio rossellino , andrea del verrocchio , antonio lombardo , pier jacopo alari bonacolsi , andrea della robbia , michelozzo di bartolomeo , michelangelo ( represented by a freehand wax model and casts of his most famous sculptures ) , jacopo sansovino , alessandro algardi , antonio calcagni , benvenuto cellini ( medusa 's head dated c. 1547 ) , agostino busti , bartolomeo ammannati , giacomo della porta , giambologna ( samson slaying a philistine ( giambologna ) c. 1562 , his finest work outside italy ) , bernini ( neptune and triton c. 1622–3 ) , giovanni battista foggini , vincenzo foggini ( samson and the philistines ) , massimiliano soldani benzi , antonio corradini , andrea brustolon , giovanni battista piranesi , innocenzo spinazzi , canova , carlo marochetti and raffaelle monti . <SEP> which c1622-23 sculpture by bernini
the largest item from italy is the chancel chapel from santa chiara florence dated 1493–1500 , designed by giuliano da sangallo it is 11.1 metres in height by 5.4 metres square , it includes a grand sculpted tabernacle by antonio rossellino and coloured terracotta decoration . <SEP> what
the largest item from italy is the chancel chapel from santa chiara florence dated 1493–1500 , designed by giuliano da sangallo it is 11.1 metres in height by 5.4 metres square , it includes a grand sculpted tabernacle by antonio rossellino and coloured terracotta decoration . <SEP> who
the largest item from italy is the chancel chapel from santa chiara florence dated 1493–1500 , designed by giuliano da sangallo it is 11.1 metres in height by 5.4 metres square , it includes a grand sculpted tabernacle by antonio rossellino and coloured terracotta decoration . <SEP> to which period
rodin is represented by more than 20 works in the museum collection , making it one of the largest collections of the sculptor 's work outside france ; these were given to the museum by the sculptor in 1914 , as acknowledgement of britain 's support of france in world war i , although the statue of st john the baptist had been purchased in 1902 by public subscription . <SEP> approximately how many works by rodin
rodin is represented by more than 20 works in the museum collection , making it one of the largest collections of the sculptor 's work outside france ; these were given to the museum by the sculptor in 1914 , as acknowledgement of britain 's support of france in world war i , although the statue of st john the baptist had been purchased in 1902 by public subscription . <SEP> who
rodin is represented by more than 20 works in the museum collection , making it one of the largest collections of the sculptor 's work outside france ; these were given to the museum by the sculptor in 1914 , as acknowledgement of britain 's support of france in world war i , although the statue of st john the baptist had been purchased in 1902 by public subscription . <SEP> in which year
rodin is represented by more than 20 works in the museum collection , making it one of the largest collections of the sculptor 's work outside france ; these were given to the museum by the sculptor in 1914 , as acknowledgement of britain 's support of france in world war i , although the statue of st john the baptist had been purchased in 1902 by public subscription . <SEP> in which war
rodin is represented by more than 20 works in the museum collection , making it one of the largest collections of the sculptor 's work outside france ; these were given to the museum by the sculptor in 1914 , as acknowledgement of britain 's support of france in world war i , although the statue of st john the baptist had been purchased in 1902 by public subscription . <SEP> which sculpture by rodin
sculptors both british and europeans who were based in britain and whose work is in the collection include nicholas stone , caius gabriel cibber , grinling gibbons , john michael rysbrack , louis-françois roubiliac , peter scheemakers , sir henry cheere , agostino carlini , thomas banks , joseph nollekens , joseph wilton , john flaxman , sir francis chantrey , john gibson , edward hodges baily , lord leighton , alfred stevens , thomas brock , alfred gilbert , george frampton , and eric gill . <SEP> which
sculptors both british and europeans who were based in britain and whose work is in the collection include nicholas stone , caius gabriel cibber , grinling gibbons , john michael rysbrack , louis-françois roubiliac , peter scheemakers , sir henry cheere , agostino carlini , thomas banks , joseph nollekens , joseph wilton , john flaxman , sir francis chantrey , john gibson , edward hodges baily , lord leighton , alfred stevens , thomas brock , alfred gilbert , george frampton , and eric gill . <SEP> which british sculptor whose work
sculptors both british and europeans who were based in britain and whose work is in the collection include nicholas stone , caius gabriel cibber , grinling gibbons , john michael rysbrack , louis-françois roubiliac , peter scheemakers , sir henry cheere , agostino carlini , thomas banks , joseph nollekens , joseph wilton , john flaxman , sir francis chantrey , john gibson , edward hodges baily , lord leighton , alfred stevens , thomas brock , alfred gilbert , george frampton , and eric gill . <SEP> which english sculptor who became the leading portrait sculptor in regency era britain
sculptors both british and europeans who were based in britain and whose work is in the collection include nicholas stone , caius gabriel cibber , grinling gibbons , john michael rysbrack , louis-françois roubiliac , peter scheemakers , sir henry cheere , agostino carlini , thomas banks , joseph nollekens , joseph wilton , john flaxman , sir francis chantrey , john gibson , edward hodges baily , lord leighton , alfred stevens , thomas brock , alfred gilbert , george frampton , and eric gill . <SEP> what sort of continental sculptors
with the opening of the dorothy and michael hintze sculpture galleries in 2006 it was decided to extend the chronology of the works on display up to 1950 ; this has involved loans by other museums , including tate britain , so works by henry moore and jacob epstein along with other of their contemporaries are now on view . <SEP> who
with the opening of the dorothy and michael hintze sculpture galleries in 2006 it was decided to extend the chronology of the works on display up to 1950 ; this has involved loans by other museums , including tate britain , so works by henry moore and jacob epstein along with other of their contemporaries are now on view . <SEP> to which year
the galleries overlooking the garden are arranged by theme , tomb sculpture , portraiture , garden sculpture and mythology . <SEP> how
with the opening of the dorothy and michael hintze sculpture galleries in 2006 it was decided to extend the chronology of the works on display up to 1950 ; this has involved loans by other museums , including tate britain , so works by henry moore and jacob epstein along with other of their contemporaries are now on view . <SEP> which two british sculptors
with the opening of the dorothy and michael hintze sculpture galleries in 2006 it was decided to extend the chronology of the works on display up to 1950 ; this has involved loans by other museums , including tate britain , so works by henry moore and jacob epstein along with other of their contemporaries are now on view . <SEP> which museum
the collection of textiles consists of more than 53,000 examples , mainly western european though all populated continents are represented , dating from the 1st century ad to the present , this is the largest such collection in the world . <SEP> approximately how many items
the collection of textiles consists of more than 53,000 examples , mainly western european though all populated continents are represented , dating from the 1st century ad to the present , this is the largest such collection in the world . <SEP> which continents
the collection of textiles consists of more than 53,000 examples , mainly western european though all populated continents are represented , dating from the 1st century ad to the present , this is the largest such collection in the world . <SEP> what
the collection of textiles consists of more than 53,000 examples , mainly western european though all populated continents are represented , dating from the 1st century ad to the present , this is the largest such collection in the world . <SEP> which region
these are classified by technique , countries of origin and date of production . <SEP> how
the tapestry collection includes a fragment of the cloth of st gereon , the oldest known surviving european tapestry . <SEP> what
a highlight of the collection is the four devonshire hunting tapestries , very rare 15th-century tapestries , woven in the netherlands , depicting the hunting of various animals ; not just their age but their size make these unique . <SEP> in which century
a highlight of the collection is the four devonshire hunting tapestries , very rare 15th-century tapestries , woven in the netherlands , depicting the hunting of various animals ; not just their age but their size make these unique . <SEP> where
a highlight of the collection is the four devonshire hunting tapestries , very rare 15th-century tapestries , woven in the netherlands , depicting the hunting of various animals ; not just their age but their size make these unique . <SEP> what
also included are tapestries from john vanderbank 's workshop which was the leading english tapestry manufactory in the late 17th century and early 18th century . <SEP> which leading english tapestry workshop in the late 17th century and early 18th century
one of the earliest surviving examples of european quilting , the late 14th-century sicilian tristan quilt , is also held by the collection . <SEP> when
the collection has numerous examples of various types of textiles designed by william morris , including , embroidery , woven fabrics , tapestries ( including 'the forest ' tapestry of 1887 ) , rugs and carpets , as well as pattern books and paper designs . <SEP> who
the collection has numerous examples of various types of textiles designed by william morris , including , embroidery , woven fabrics , tapestries ( including 'the forest ' tapestry of 1887 ) , rugs and carpets , as well as pattern books and paper designs . <SEP> in which year
the art deco period is covered by rugs and fabrics designed by marion dorn . <SEP> by which
from the same period there is a rug designed by serge chermayeff . <SEP> which
the v & a theatre & performance galleries , formerly the theatre museum , opened in march 2009 . <SEP> what
the v & a theatre & performance galleries , formerly the theatre museum , opened in march 2009 . <SEP> in which year
they hold the uk 's biggest national collection of material about live performance in the uk since shakespeare 's day , covering drama , dance , musical theatre , circus , music hall , rock and pop , and most other forms of live entertainment . <SEP> what collection
conservation is responsible for the long-term preservation of the collections , and covers all the collections held by the v & a and the v & a museum of childhood . <SEP> which area
activities include controlling the museum environment ( for example , temperature and light ) and preventing pests ( primarily insects ) from damaging artefacts . <SEP> what two environmental conditions
the other major category is " interventive " conservation , this includes : cleaning and reintegration to strengthen fragile objects , reveal original surface decoration , and restore shape . <SEP> that
conservation is responsible for the long-term preservation of the collections , and covers all the collections held by the v & a and the v & a museum of childhood . <SEP> whose collections
areas covered by conservator 's work include " preventive " conservation this includes : performing surveys , assessments and providing advice on the handling of items , correct packaging , mounting and handling procedures during movement and display to reduce risk of damaging objects . <SEP> what type of conservation
the american broadcasting company ( abc ) ( stylized in its logo as abc since 1957 ) is an american commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the disney–abc television group , a subsidiary of disney media networks division of the walt disney company . <SEP> what company
the american broadcasting company ( abc ) ( stylized in its logo as abc since 1957 ) is an american commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the disney–abc television group , a subsidiary of disney media networks division of the walt disney company . <SEP> in what year
the network is headquartered on columbus avenue and west 66th street in manhattan , with additional major offices and production facilities in new york city , los angeles and burbank , california . <SEP> in what borough of new york city
abc originally launched on october 12 , 1943 as a radio network , separated from and serving as the successor to the nbc blue network , which had been purchased by edward j. noble . <SEP> when
abc originally launched on october 12 , 1943 as a radio network , separated from and serving as the successor to the nbc blue network , which had been purchased by edward j. noble . <SEP> what kind of network
it extended its operations to television in 1948 , following in the footsteps of established broadcast networks cbs and nbc . <SEP> when
in the 1980s , after purchasing an 80 % interest in cable sports channel espn , the network 's parent merged with capital cities communications , owner of several print publications , and television and radio stations . <SEP> what cable sports
in the 1980s , after purchasing an 80 % interest in cable sports channel espn , the network 's parent merged with capital cities communications , owner of several print publications , and television and radio stations . <SEP> what company
the television network has eight owned-and-operated and over 232 affiliated television stations throughout the united states and its territories . <SEP> how many affiliated stations
abc news provides news and features content for select radio stations owned by citadel broadcasting , which purchased the abc radio properties in 2007 . <SEP> in 2007 , what company
the television network has eight owned-and-operated and over 232 affiliated television stations throughout the united states and its territories . <SEP> how many of the network 's stations
most canadians have access to at least one u.s.-based abc affiliate , either over-the-air ( in areas located within proximity to the canada–united states border ) or through a cable , satellite or iptv provider , although most abc programs are subject to simultaneous substitution regulations imposed by the canadian radio-television and telecommunications commission that allow pay television providers to replace an american station 's signal with the feed of a canadian broadcaster to protect domestic programming rights and advertising revenue . <SEP> what entity in canada
abc news provides news and features content for select radio stations owned by citadel broadcasting , which purchased the abc radio properties in 2007 . <SEP> by what company
the last was owned by electronics manufacturer radio corporation of america ( rca ) , which owned two radio networks that each ran different varieties of programming , nbc blue and nbc red . <SEP> what company
the last was owned by electronics manufacturer radio corporation of america ( rca ) , which owned two radio networks that each ran different varieties of programming , nbc blue and nbc red . <SEP> what two radio networks
the nbc blue network was created in 1927 for the primary purpose of testing new programs on markets of lesser importance than those served by nbc red , which served the major cities , and to test drama series . <SEP> what kind of markets
the nbc blue network was created in 1927 for the primary purpose of testing new programs on markets of lesser importance than those served by nbc red , which served the major cities , and to test drama series . <SEP> what kind of programs
the nbc blue network was created in 1927 for the primary purpose of testing new programs on markets of lesser importance than those served by nbc red , which served the major cities , and to test drama series . <SEP> which nbc radio network
in 1934 , mutual filed a complaint with the federal communications commission ( fcc ) regarding its difficulties in establishing new stations , in a radio market that was already being saturated by nbc and cbs . <SEP> what company
in 1938 , the fcc began a series of investigations into the practices of radio networks and published its report on the broadcasting of network radio programs in 1940 . <SEP> in what year
in 1938 , the fcc began a series of investigations into the practices of radio networks and published its report on the broadcasting of network radio programs in 1940 . <SEP> in what year
at that time , the nbc red network was the principal radio network in the united states and , according to the fcc , rca was using nbc blue to eliminate any hint of competition . <SEP> what
at that time , the nbc red network was the principal radio network in the united states and , according to the fcc , rca was using nbc blue to eliminate any hint of competition . <SEP> what radio network
once mutual 's appeals against the fcc were rejected , rca decided to sell nbc blue in 1941 , and gave the mandate to do so to mark woods . <SEP> to whom
rca converted the nbc blue network into an independent subsidiary , formally divorcing the operations of nbc red and nbc blue on january 8 , 1942 , with the blue network being referred to on-air as either " blue " or " blue network " . <SEP> what network
investment firm dillon , read & co. ( which was later acquired by the swiss bank corporation in 1997 ) offered $ 7.5 million to purchase the network , but the offer was rejected by woods and rca president david sarnoff . <SEP> what investment firm
investment firm dillon , read & co. ( which was later acquired by the swiss bank corporation in 1997 ) offered $ 7.5 million to purchase the network , but the offer was rejected by woods and rca president david sarnoff . <SEP> who
investment firm dillon , read & co. ( which was later acquired by the swiss bank corporation in 1997 ) offered $ 7.5 million to purchase the network , but the offer was rejected by woods and rca president david sarnoff . <SEP> how much money
edward john noble , the owner of life savers candy , drugstore chain rexall and new york city radio station wmca , purchased the network for $ 8 million . <SEP> what candy company
the commission authorized the transaction on october 12 , 1943 . <SEP> when
noble subsequently acquired the rights to the " american broadcasting company " name from george b. storer in 1944 ; its parent company adopted the corporate name american broadcasting companies , inc. woods retained his position as president and ceo of abc until december 1949 , and was subsequently promoted to vice-chairman of the board before leaving abc altogether on june 30 , 1951 . <SEP> who
noble subsequently acquired the rights to the " american broadcasting company " name from george b. storer in 1944 ; its parent company adopted the corporate name american broadcasting companies , inc. woods retained his position as president and ceo of abc until december 1949 , and was subsequently promoted to vice-chairman of the board before leaving abc altogether on june 30 , 1951 . <SEP> what position
noble subsequently acquired the rights to the " american broadcasting company " name from george b. storer in 1944 ; its parent company adopted the corporate name american broadcasting companies , inc. woods retained his position as president and ceo of abc until december 1949 , and was subsequently promoted to vice-chairman of the board before leaving abc altogether on june 30 , 1951 . <SEP> when
however , abc made a name for itself by utilizing the practice of counterprogramming , with which it often placed shows of its own against the offerings of nbc and cbs , adopting the use of the magnetophon tape recorder , brought to the u.s. from nazi germany after its conquest , to pre-record its programming . <SEP> what new technology
with the help of the magnetophon , abc was able to provide its stars with greater freedom in terms of time , and also attract several big names , such as bing crosby at a time when nbc and cbs did not allow pre-taped shows . <SEP> who
a second period of international expansion is linked to that of the espn network in the 1990s , and policies enacted in the 2000s by disney media networks ( which included the expansion of several of the company 's u.s.-based cable networks including disney channel and its spinoffs toon disney , playhouse disney and jetix ; although disney also sold its 33 % stake in european sports channel eurosport for $ 155 million in june 2000 ) . <SEP> how much
the policy regarding wholly owned international networks was revived in 2004 when on september 27 of that year , abc announced the launch of abc1 , a free-to-air channel in the united kingdom owned by the abc group . <SEP> what network
however , on september 8 , 2007 , disney announced that it would discontinue abc1 citing to the channel 's inability to attain sustainable viewership . <SEP> when
with abc1 's shutdown that october , the company 's attempt to develop abc international were discontinued . <SEP> what developmental network
in contrast to disney 's other channels , abc is broadcast in the united states , although the network 's programming is syndicated in many countries . <SEP> what country
in 1959 , this rerun activity was completed with program syndication , with abc films selling programs to networks not owned by abc . <SEP> when
the arrival of satellite television ended the need for abc to hold interests in other countries ; many governments also wanted to increase their independence and strengthen legislation to limit foreign ownership of broadcasting properties . <SEP> what
as a result , abc was forced to sell all of its interests in international networks , mainly in japan and latin america , in the 1970s . <SEP> where
the arrival of satellite television ended the need for abc to hold interests in other countries ; many governments also wanted to increase their independence and strengthen legislation to limit foreign ownership of broadcasting properties . <SEP> why
leonard goldenson said that abc 's first international activity was broadcasting the coronation of queen elizabeth ii in june 1953 ; cbs and nbc were unable to cover the coronation live due to respective issues with technical problems and flight delays . <SEP> what
goldenson also invested in broadcasting properties in beirut in the mid-1960s . <SEP> what country
goldenson also cited interest in japan in the early 1950s , acquiring a 5 % stake in two new domestic networks , the mainichi broadcasting system in 1951 and nihon educational television in 1957 . <SEP> what japanese network
leonard goldenson said that abc 's first international activity was broadcasting the coronation of queen elizabeth ii in june 1953 ; cbs and nbc were unable to cover the coronation live due to respective issues with technical problems and flight delays . <SEP> why
leonard goldenson said that abc 's first international activity was broadcasting the coronation of queen elizabeth ii in june 1953 ; cbs and nbc were unable to cover the coronation live due to respective issues with technical problems and flight delays . <SEP> why
since 2000 , abc has also owned the television rights to most of the peanuts television specials , having acquired the broadcast rights from cbs , which originated the specials in 1965 with the debut of a charlie brown christmas ( other peanuts specials broadcast annually by abc , including a charlie brown christmas , include it 's the great pumpkin , charlie brown and a charlie brown thanksgiving ) . <SEP> what television specials
abc currently holds the broadcast rights to the academy awards , emmy awards ( which are rotated across all four major networks on a year-to-year basis ) , american music awards , disney parks christmas day parade , tournament of roses parade , country music association awards and the cma music festival . <SEP> which
since 2000 , abc has also owned the television rights to most of the peanuts television specials , having acquired the broadcast rights from cbs , which originated the specials in 1965 with the debut of a charlie brown christmas ( other peanuts specials broadcast annually by abc , including a charlie brown christmas , include it 's the great pumpkin , charlie brown and a charlie brown thanksgiving ) . <SEP> when
abc currently holds the broadcast rights to the academy awards , emmy awards ( which are rotated across all four major networks on a year-to-year basis ) , american music awards , disney parks christmas day parade , tournament of roses parade , country music association awards and the cma music festival . <SEP> what movie awards
since 2000 , abc has also owned the television rights to most of the peanuts television specials , having acquired the broadcast rights from cbs , which originated the specials in 1965 with the debut of a charlie brown christmas ( other peanuts specials broadcast annually by abc , including a charlie brown christmas , include it 's the great pumpkin , charlie brown and a charlie brown thanksgiving ) . <SEP> what peanuts special
since 1974 , abc has generally aired dick clark 's new year 's rockin ' eve on new year 's eve ( hosted first by its creator dick clark , and later by his successor ryan seacrest ) ; the only exception was in 1999 , when abc put it on a one-year hiatus to provide coverage of the international millennium festivities , though clark 's traditional countdown from times square was still featured within the coverage . <SEP> when
since 1974 , abc has generally aired dick clark 's new year 's rockin ' eve on new year 's eve ( hosted first by its creator dick clark , and later by his successor ryan seacrest ) ; the only exception was in 1999 , when abc put it on a one-year hiatus to provide coverage of the international millennium festivities , though clark 's traditional countdown from times square was still featured within the coverage . <SEP> who
abc has also aired the miss america pageant from 1954 to 1956 , 1997 to 2005 ( with the television rights being assumed by cable channel tlc in 2006 , when the pageant moved from its longtime homebase in atlantic city to las vegas , before returning to atlantic city in 2013 ) and since 2011 . <SEP> when
since 1974 , abc has generally aired dick clark 's new year 's rockin ' eve on new year 's eve ( hosted first by its creator dick clark , and later by his successor ryan seacrest ) ; the only exception was in 1999 , when abc put it on a one-year hiatus to provide coverage of the international millennium festivities , though clark 's traditional countdown from times square was still featured within the coverage . <SEP> where
abc has also aired the miss america pageant from 1954 to 1956 , 1997 to 2005 ( with the television rights being assumed by cable channel tlc in 2006 , when the pageant moved from its longtime homebase in atlantic city to las vegas , before returning to atlantic city in 2013 ) and since 2011 . <SEP> what network
abc 's daytime schedule currently features talk shows the view and the chew , and the soap opera general hospital , the latter of which is the longest-running entertainment program in the history of the abc television network , having aired since 1963 . <SEP> what series
abc also broadcasts the morning news program good morning america and has done so since 1975 , though that program is not considered to be part of the abc daytime block . <SEP> when
abc also aired the last nine years of the procter & gamble-produced soap the edge of night , following its cancellation by cbs in 1975 . <SEP> which proctor and gamble
abc 's daytime schedule currently features talk shows the view and the chew , and the soap opera general hospital , the latter of which is the longest-running entertainment program in the history of the abc television network , having aired since 1963 . <SEP> what
abc 's daytime schedule currently features talk shows the view and the chew , and the soap opera general hospital , the latter of which is the longest-running entertainment program in the history of the abc television network , having aired since 1963 . <SEP> when
due to the erratic and ( outside of college football season ) highly inconsistent scheduling of sports programming on weekend afternoons since espn took over responsibilities for abc 's sports division in 2006 , abc carries the espn sports saturday block on saturday late afternoons ( featuring various espn-produced documentaries ) , and on sundays either encores of primetime reality series , cancelled series being burned off that had no room on the primetime schedule , occasional theatrical films which were acquired by the network in the early to mid-2000s that no longer have a primetime slot to air in or more recently , figure skating and gymnastics specials supplied by disson skating , when no sports telecasts are scheduled , usually airing between 4:00 and 6:00 p.m. eastern and pacific time . <SEP> when
sports programming is also provided on some weekend afternoons at any time from 12:00 to 6:00 p.m. eastern time ( 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. pacific ) and , during college football season , during prime time on saturday nights as part of the saturday night football package . <SEP> when
abc airs nba games on sundays , normally starting in january as " nba sunday showcase " during the regular season , and shows christmas day games , regularly between 2–7 pm et , and nba playoff games during the weekends , and exclusive rights to the nba finals . <SEP> for what
during the summer , abc airs espn-produced highlight compilation programs for the open championship golf and the wimbledon tennis tournaments to provide some presence for both events on american broadcast television . <SEP> for what
these applications all requested for the stations to broadcast on vhf channel 7 , as frank marx , then abc 's vice-president of engineering , thought that the low-band vhf frequencies ( corresponding to channels 2 through 6 ) would be requisitioned from broadcasting use and reallocated for the u.s. army . <SEP> who
these applications all requested for the stations to broadcast on vhf channel 7 , as frank marx , then abc 's vice-president of engineering , thought that the low-band vhf frequencies ( corresponding to channels 2 through 6 ) would be requisitioned from broadcasting use and reallocated for the u.s. army . <SEP> which channels
to ensure a space , in 1947 , abc submitted five applications for television station licenses , one for each market where it owned and operated a radio station ( new york city , los angeles , chicago , san francisco and detroit ) . <SEP> in what year
these applications all requested for the stations to broadcast on vhf channel 7 , as frank marx , then abc 's vice-president of engineering , thought that the low-band vhf frequencies ( corresponding to channels 2 through 6 ) would be requisitioned from broadcasting use and reallocated for the u.s. army . <SEP> which channel
before the freeze ended in 1952 , there were only 108 existing television stations in the united states ; a few major cities ( such as boston ) had only two television stations , many other cities ( such as pittsburgh and st. louis ) had only one , and still many others ( such as denver and portland ) did not yet have any television service . <SEP> how many television stations
before the freeze ended in 1952 , there were only 108 existing television stations in the united states ; a few major cities ( such as boston ) had only two television stations , many other cities ( such as pittsburgh and st. louis ) had only one , and still many others ( such as denver and portland ) did not yet have any television service . <SEP> how many stations
in the fall of 1949 , abc found itself in the position of an outsider , with less coverage than two of its competing networks , cbs and nbc , even though it was on par with them in some major cities and had a headstart over its third rival at the time , the dumont television network . <SEP> who
in the fall of 1949 , abc found itself in the position of an outsider , with less coverage than two of its competing networks , cbs and nbc , even though it was on par with them in some major cities and had a headstart over its third rival at the time , the dumont television network . <SEP> what
at the end of 1949 , movie theater operator united paramount theatres ( upt ) was forced by the u.s. supreme court to become an independent entity , separating itself from paramount pictures . <SEP> who
for its part , abc was on the verge of bankruptcy , with only five owned-and-operated stations and nine full-time affiliates . <SEP> how many affiliates
in 1951 , a rumor even mentioned that the network would be sold to cbs . <SEP> to what network
in 1951 , noble held a 58 % ownership stake in abc , giving him $ 5 million with which to prevent abc from going bankrupt ; as banks refused further credit , that amount was obtained through a loan from the prudential insurance company of america . <SEP> what
leonard goldenson , the president of upt ( which sought to diversify itself at the time ) , approached noble in 1951 on a proposal for upt to purchase abc . <SEP> who
noble received other offers , including one from cbs founder william s. paley ; however , a merger with cbs would have forced that network to sell its new york city and los angeles stations at the very least . <SEP> who
on june 6 , 1951 , the tentative agreement was approved by upt 's board of directors . <SEP> when
in 1952 , when the release of the fcc 's sixth report and order announced the end of its freeze on new station license applications , among the issues the commission was slated to address was whether to approve the upt-abc merger . <SEP> when
on february 9 , 1953 , the fcc approved upt 's purchase of abc in exchange for $ 25 million in shares . <SEP> when
the merged company , renamed american broadcasting-paramount theatres , inc. and headquartered in the paramount building at 1501 broadway in manhattan , owned six am and several fm radio stations , five television stations and 644 cinemas in 300 u.s. cities . <SEP> when
the merged company , renamed american broadcasting-paramount theatres , inc. and headquartered in the paramount building at 1501 broadway in manhattan , owned six am and several fm radio stations , five television stations and 644 cinemas in 300 u.s. cities . <SEP> where
the network 's flagship owned-and-operated station , wjz-tv in new york city ( later re-called wabc-tv ) , signed on the air on august 10 , 1948 , with its first broadcast running for two hours that evening . <SEP> when
in october 1948 , as a result of an influx of television station license applications that it had issued as well as a study it undertook on the use of the vhf spectrum for broadcasting purposes , the fcc implemented a freeze on new station applications . <SEP> when
on may 7 , 1949 , billboard revealed that abc had proposed an investment of $ 6.25 million , of which it would spend $ 2.5 million to convert 20 acres ( 80,937 m2 ) of land in hollywood into what would become the prospect studios , and construct a transmitter on mount wilson , in anticipation of the launch of keca-tv , which was scheduled to begin operations on august 1 ( but would not actually sign on until september 16 ) . <SEP> where
on may 7 , 1949 , billboard revealed that abc had proposed an investment of $ 6.25 million , of which it would spend $ 2.5 million to convert 20 acres ( 80,937 m2 ) of land in hollywood into what would become the prospect studios , and construct a transmitter on mount wilson , in anticipation of the launch of keca-tv , which was scheduled to begin operations on august 1 ( but would not actually sign on until september 16 ) . <SEP> that
on september 30 , 1960 , abc premiered the flintstones , another example of counterprogramming ; although the animated series from william hanna and joseph barbera was filmed in color from the beginning , it was initially broadcast in black-and-white , as abc had not made the necessary technical upgrades to broadcast its programming in color at the time . <SEP> when
the 1960s would be marked by the rise of family-oriented series in an attempt by abc to counterprogram its established competitors , but the decade was also marked by the network 's gradual transition to color . <SEP> what decade
on september 30 , 1960 , abc premiered the flintstones , another example of counterprogramming ; although the animated series from william hanna and joseph barbera was filmed in color from the beginning , it was initially broadcast in black-and-white , as abc had not made the necessary technical upgrades to broadcast its programming in color at the time . <SEP> who
the 1960s would be marked by the rise of family-oriented series in an attempt by abc to counterprogram its established competitors , but the decade was also marked by the network 's gradual transition to color . <SEP> when
in 1959 , walt disney productions , having improved its financial situation , had purchased abc 's shares in the disneyland theme park for $ 7.5 million and initiated discussions to renew abc 's television contract for walt disney presents , which was due to expire in 1961 . <SEP> when
walt disney was approached by nbc to produce color broadcasts of his anthology series ( which would be renamed walt disney 's wonderful world of color ) . <SEP> what network
as a result , abc and disney 's first television collaboration ended in 1961 ( the network would resume its relationship with disney in 1985 , when the anthology series returned to the network for a three-season run as the disney sunday movie until it lost the rights to nbc again in 1988 ; the disney anthology series would return to abc in 1996 , following the company 's purchase of the future capital cities/abc , as the wonderful world of disney ) . <SEP> when
as a result , abc and disney 's first television collaboration ended in 1961 ( the network would resume its relationship with disney in 1985 , when the anthology series returned to the network for a three-season run as the disney sunday movie until it lost the rights to nbc again in 1988 ; the disney anthology series would return to abc in 1996 , following the company 's purchase of the future capital cities/abc , as the wonderful world of disney ) . <SEP> in what year
the network hired the troika design group to design and produce its 2001–02 identity , which continued using the black-and-yellow coloring of the logo and featured dots and stripes in various promotional and identification spots . <SEP> who
the network hired the troika design group to design and produce its 2001–02 identity , which continued using the black-and-yellow coloring of the logo and featured dots and stripes in various promotional and identification spots . <SEP> what colors
in 2000 , abc launched a web-based promotional campaign focused around its circle logo , also called " the dot " , in which comic book character little dot prompted visitors to " download the dot " , a program which would cause the abc logo to fly around the screen and settle in the bottom-right corner . <SEP> what
in 1998 , the network began using a minimalist graphical identity , designed by pittard sullivan , featuring a small black-and-white " abc circle " logo on a yellow background ( promotions during this time also featured a sequence of still photos of the stars of its programs during the timeslot card as well as the schedule sequence that began each night 's prime time lineup ) . <SEP> who
in the fall of 2015 , abc is stopped with its 1998–2002 four-note jingles for promotions and production company vanity cards following the closing credits of most of its programs over seventeen years , now it have a different and adventure-type music ( with the drums of the network 's four-note signature in the ending ) . <SEP> in what year
a new four-note theme tune was introduced alongside the package , based around the network 's " we love tv " image campaign introduced that year , creating an audio signature on par with the nbc chimes , cbs ' various three-note soundmarks ( including the current version used since 2000 ) and the fox fanfare . <SEP> what image campaign
the old four-note theme tune is still used by abc on demand to the beginning of the abc show . <SEP> where
the abc logo first appeared as a on-screen bug in the 1993–94 season , appearing initially only for 60 seconds at the beginning of an act or segment , before appearing throughout programs ( except during commercial breaks ) beginning in the 1995–96 season ; the respective iterations of the translucent logo bug were also incorporated within program promotions until the 2011–12 season . <SEP> in which season
the abc logo first appeared as a on-screen bug in the 1993–94 season , appearing initially only for 60 seconds at the beginning of an act or segment , before appearing throughout programs ( except during commercial breaks ) beginning in the 1995–96 season ; the respective iterations of the translucent logo bug were also incorporated within program promotions until the 2011–12 season . <SEP> when
in 1983 , for the 40th anniversary of the network 's founding , id sequences had the logo appear in a gold cgi design on a blue background , accompanied by the slogan " that special feeling " in a script font . <SEP> in what year
in 1983 , for the 40th anniversary of the network 's founding , id sequences had the logo appear in a gold cgi design on a blue background , accompanied by the slogan " that special feeling " in a script font . <SEP> what slogan
among the " abc circle " logo 's many variants was a 1977 id sequence that featured a bubble on a black background representing the circle with glossy gold letters , and as such , was the first abc identification card to have a three-dimensional appearance . <SEP> in what year
among the " abc circle " logo 's many variants was a 1977 id sequence that featured a bubble on a black background representing the circle with glossy gold letters , and as such , was the first abc identification card to have a three-dimensional appearance . <SEP> what color
among the " abc circle " logo 's many variants was a 1977 id sequence that featured a bubble on a black background representing the circle with glossy gold letters , and as such , was the first abc identification card to have a three-dimensional appearance . <SEP> in what color
in 1962 , graphic designer paul rand redesigned the abc logo into its best-known ( and current ) form , with the lowercase letters " abc " enclosed in a single black circle . <SEP> what graphic designer
the letters are strongly reminiscent of the bauhaus typeface designed by herbert bayer in the 1920s , but also share similarities with several other fonts , such as itc avant garde and horatio , and most closely resembling chalet . <SEP> what typeface
the letters are strongly reminiscent of the bauhaus typeface designed by herbert bayer in the 1920s , but also share similarities with several other fonts , such as itc avant garde and horatio , and most closely resembling chalet . <SEP> who
the new logo debuted on-air for abc 's promos at the start of the 1963–64 season . <SEP> when
between may and september 2005 , rumors circulated that disney–abc was considering a sale of abc radio , with clear channel communications and westwood one ( which had earlier purchased nbc 's radio division , as well as the distribution rights to cbs 's , and the mutual broadcasting system during the 1990s ) as potential buyers . <SEP> what entity
on october 19 , 2005 , abc announced the restructuring of the group into six divisions : entertainment communications , communications resources , kids communications , news communications , corporate communications , and international communications . <SEP> when
on october 19 , 2005 , abc announced the restructuring of the group into six divisions : entertainment communications , communications resources , kids communications , news communications , corporate communications , and international communications . <SEP> how many divisions
in 2004 , abc 's average viewership declined by ten ratings points , landing the network in fourth place , behind nbc , cbs and fox ( by the following year , the combined season-ending average audience share of abc , nbc and cbs represented only 32 % of u.s. households ) . <SEP> in what year
however , during the 2004–05 season , the network experienced unexpected success with new series such as desperate housewives , lost and grey 's anatomy as well as reality series dancing with the stars , which helped abc rise to second place , jumping ahead of cbs , but behind a surging fox . <SEP> what new medical drama
on april 21 , 2004 , disney announced a restructuring of its disney media networks division with anne sweeney being named president of abc parent disney–abc television group , and espn president george bodenheimer becoming co-ceo of the division with sweeney , as well as president of abc sports . <SEP> who
on december 7 , 2005 , abc sports and espn signed an eight-year broadcast rights agreement with nascar , allowing abc and espn to broadcast 17 nextel cup races each season ( comprising just over half of the 36 races held annually ) effective with the 2006 season . <SEP> who
networks affiliates approved a two-year affiliate agreement in 2002 . <SEP> when
in september , disney chairman/ceo michael eisner outlined a proposed realignment of the abc broadcast network day parts with the similar unit in its cable channels : abc saturday mornings with disney channels ( toon & playhouse ) , abc daytime with soapnet and abc prime time with abc family . <SEP> who
2002 saw the debut of the network 's first hit reality series , the bachelor ( the elimination-style dating show 's success led to a spinoff , the bachelorette , which premiered the following year , as well as two additional spinoffs that later debuted in the early 2010s ) . <SEP> what hit reality series
2002 saw the debut of the network 's first hit reality series , the bachelor ( the elimination-style dating show 's success led to a spinoff , the bachelorette , which premiered the following year , as well as two additional spinoffs that later debuted in the early 2010s ) . <SEP> what reality series
on april 30 , 2000 , as a result of a carriage dispute with abc , time warner cable removed abc owned-and-operated stations from the cable provider 's systems in four markets ( wabc-tv in new york city , kabc-tv in los angeles , ktrk in houston and wtvd in raleigh-durham ) . <SEP> what cable company
abc filed an emergency petition to the federal communications commission on may 1 to force twc to restore the affected stations ; the fcc ruled in favor of abc , ordering time warner cable to restore the stations , doing so on the afternoon of may 2 . <SEP> who
abc ended the 2000–01 season as the most-watched network , ahead of nbc . <SEP> which major network
abc filed an emergency petition to the federal communications commission on may 1 to force twc to restore the affected stations ; the fcc ruled in favor of abc , ordering time warner cable to restore the stations , doing so on the afternoon of may 2 . <SEP> when
2000 saw the end of " tgif " , which was struggling to find new hits ( with boy meets world and sabrina , the teenage witch , the latter of which moved to the wb in september 2000 , beginning to wane as well by this point ) following the loss of family matters and step by step to cbs as part of its own failed attempt at a family-oriented friday comedy block in the 1997–98 season . <SEP> what year
2000 saw the end of " tgif " , which was struggling to find new hits ( with boy meets world and sabrina , the teenage witch , the latter of which moved to the wb in september 2000 , beginning to wane as well by this point ) following the loss of family matters and step by step to cbs as part of its own failed attempt at a family-oriented friday comedy block in the 1997–98 season . <SEP> to what
2000 saw the end of " tgif " , which was struggling to find new hits ( with boy meets world and sabrina , the teenage witch , the latter of which moved to the wb in september 2000 , beginning to wane as well by this point ) following the loss of family matters and step by step to cbs as part of its own failed attempt at a family-oriented friday comedy block in the 1997–98 season . <SEP> which network
in august 1999 , abc premiered a special series event , who wants to be a millionaire , a game show based on the british program of the same title . <SEP> when
hosted throughout its abc tenure by regis philbin , the program became a major ratings success throughout its initial summer run , which led abc to renew millionaire as a regular series , returning on january 18 , 2000 . <SEP> who
millionaire ended its run on the network 's primetime lineup after three years in 2002 , with buena vista television relaunching the show as a syndicated program ( under that incarnation 's original host meredith vieira ) in september of that year . <SEP> what company
millionaire ended its run on the network 's primetime lineup after three years in 2002 , with buena vista television relaunching the show as a syndicated program ( under that incarnation 's original host meredith vieira ) in september of that year . <SEP> who
on july 31 , 1995 , the walt disney company announced an agreement to merge with capital cities/abc for $ 19 billion . <SEP> when
disney shareholders approved the merger at a special conference in new york city on january 4 , 1996 , with the acquisition of capital cities/abc being completed on february 9 ; following the sale , disney renamed its new subsidiary abc inc. in addition to the abc network , the disney acquisition integrated abc 's ten owned-and-operated television and 21 radio stations ; its 80 % interest in espn , ownership interests in the history channel , a & e television networks , and lifetime entertainment ; and capital cities/abc 's magazine and newspaper properties into the company . <SEP> what
on april 4 , disney sold the four newspapers that abc had controlled under capital cities to knight ridder for $ 1.65 billion . <SEP> who
following the merger , thomas s. murphy left abc with robert iger taking his place as president and ceo . <SEP> who
in 1998 , abc premiered the aaron sorkin-created sitcom sports night , centering on the travails of the staff of a sportscenter-style sports news program ; despite earning critical praise and multiple emmy awards , the series was cancelled in 2000 after two seasons . <SEP> what aaron sorkin
it was not until the 1965–66 season that color became the dominant format for the three broadcast television networks . <SEP> for which tv season
abc , meanwhile , remained in third place and still needed money to grow itself into a major competitor . <SEP> what place
however , abc 's issues with its transition to color became secondary compared to the network 's financial problems ; in 1964 , the network found itself , as goldenson later wrote in the 1991 book " beating the odds : the untold story behind the rise of abc " , " in the middle of a war [ where ] the battlefield was wall street " . <SEP> what
on may 1 , 1953 , abc 's new york city flagship stations – wjz , wjz-fm and wjz-tv – changed their respective callsigns to wabc , wabc-fm and wabc-tv , and moved their operations to facilities at 7 west 66th street , one block away from central park . <SEP> when
on may 1 , 1953 , abc 's new york city flagship stations – wjz , wjz-fm and wjz-tv – changed their respective callsigns to wabc , wabc-fm and wabc-tv , and moved their operations to facilities at 7 west 66th street , one block away from central park . <SEP> where
the wjz calls would later be reassigned to the then-abc affiliate in baltimore in 1959 , in an historical nod to the fact that wjz was originally established by the baltimore station 's owner at the time , westinghouse . <SEP> in what city in 1959
in 1950 , noble appointed robert kintner to be abc 's president while he himself served as its ceo , a position he would hold until his death in 1958 . <SEP> who
as part of this merger , the network would have been renamed " abc-dumont " for five years , and dumont would have received $ 5 million in cash , room on the schedule for existing dumont programming , and guaranteed advertising time for dumont laboratories receivers . <SEP> what
as part of this merger , the network would have been renamed " abc-dumont " for five years , and dumont would have received $ 5 million in cash , room on the schedule for existing dumont programming , and guaranteed advertising time for dumont laboratories receivers . <SEP> how much money
at the same time he made attempts to help grow abc , goldenson had been trying since mid-1953 to provide content for the network by contacting his old acquaintances in hollywood , with whom he had worked when upt was a subsidiary of paramount pictures . <SEP> of what
abc 's flagship productions at the time were the lone ranger , based on the radio program of the same title , and the adventures of ozzie and harriet , the latter of which ( at 13 seasons , running from 1952 to 1965 ) held the record for the longest-running prime time comedy in u.s. television history , until it was surpassed by the simpsons in 2002 . <SEP> what western
abc 's flagship productions at the time were the lone ranger , based on the radio program of the same title , and the adventures of ozzie and harriet , the latter of which ( at 13 seasons , running from 1952 to 1965 ) held the record for the longest-running prime time comedy in u.s. television history , until it was surpassed by the simpsons in 2002 . <SEP> what abc comedy
airing during the 1955–56 season , it showcased television adaptations of the 1942 films kings row and casablanca ; cheyenne ( adapted from the 1947 film wyoming kid ) ; sugarfoot ( a remake of the 1954 film the boy from oklahoma ) ; and maverick . <SEP> what television show for abc
airing during the 1955–56 season , it showcased television adaptations of the 1942 films kings row and casablanca ; cheyenne ( adapted from the 1947 film wyoming kid ) ; sugarfoot ( a remake of the 1954 film the boy from oklahoma ) ; and maverick . <SEP> what program for abc
however , the most iconic of abc 's relationships with hollywood producers was its agreement with walt disney ; after the start of the network 's bond with the disney studio , james lewis baughman , who worked as a columnist at that time , observed that " at abc 's headquarters in new york , the secretaries [ were now ] wearing hats with mickey mouse ears " . <SEP> which
warner tried with mixed success to adapt some of its most successful films as abc television series , and showcase these adaptations as part of the wheel series warner bros. presents . <SEP> in what series
walt disney and his brother roy contacted goldenson at the end of 1953 for abc to agree to finance part of the disneyland project in exchange for producing a television program for the network . <SEP> what
walt wanted abc to invest $ 500,000 and accrued a guarantee of $ 4.5 million in additional loans , a third of the budget intended for the park . <SEP> how much
around 1954 , abc agreed to finance disneyland in exchange for the right to broadcast a new sunday night program , disneyland , which debuted on the network on october 27 , 1954 as the first of many anthology television programs that disney would broadcast over the course of the next 50 years . <SEP> in what year
around 1954 , abc agreed to finance disneyland in exchange for the right to broadcast a new sunday night program , disneyland , which debuted on the network on october 27 , 1954 as the first of many anthology television programs that disney would broadcast over the course of the next 50 years . <SEP> what
in july 1968 , abc radio launched a special programming project for its fm stations , which was spearheaded by allen shaw , a former program manager at wcfl in chicago who was approached by abc radio president harold l. neal to develop a format to compete with the new progressive rock and dj-helmed stations . <SEP> who
in july 1968 , abc radio launched a special programming project for its fm stations , which was spearheaded by allen shaw , a former program manager at wcfl in chicago who was approached by abc radio president harold l. neal to develop a format to compete with the new progressive rock and dj-helmed stations . <SEP> who
the new concept called " love radio " , which featured a limited selection of music genres , was launched on abc 's seven owned-and-operated fm stations in late november 1968 ; the concept replaced nearly all of the programming provided by these stations ; however , several affiliates ( such as kxyz ) retained the majority of their content . <SEP> what
the new concept called " love radio " , which featured a limited selection of music genres , was launched on abc 's seven owned-and-operated fm stations in late november 1968 ; the concept replaced nearly all of the programming provided by these stations ; however , several affiliates ( such as kxyz ) retained the majority of their content . <SEP> how many abc music stations
on the television side , in september 1969 , abc launched the movie of the week , a weekly showcase aimed at capitalizing on the growing success of made-for-tv movies since the early 1960s . <SEP> in what year
the movie of the week broadcast feature-length dramatic films directed by such talented filmmakers as aaron spelling , david wolper and steven spielberg ( the latter of whom gained early success through the showcase for his 1971 film duel ) that were produced on an average budget of $ 400,000– $ 450,000 . <SEP> for which abc movie of the week film
the movie of the week broadcast feature-length dramatic films directed by such talented filmmakers as aaron spelling , david wolper and steven spielberg ( the latter of whom gained early success through the showcase for his 1971 film duel ) that were produced on an average budget of $ 400,000– $ 450,000 . <SEP> when
the movie of the week broadcast feature-length dramatic films directed by such talented filmmakers as aaron spelling , david wolper and steven spielberg ( the latter of whom gained early success through the showcase for his 1971 film duel ) that were produced on an average budget of $ 400,000– $ 450,000 . <SEP> what
in the early 1970s , abc completed its transition to color ; the decade as a whole would mark a turning point for abc , as it began to pass cbs and nbc in the ratings to become the first place network . <SEP> in what decade
in the early 1970s , abc completed its transition to color ; the decade as a whole would mark a turning point for abc , as it began to pass cbs and nbc in the ratings to become the first place network . <SEP> which
it also began to use behavioral and demographic data to better determine what types of sponsors to sell advertising slots to and provide programming that would appeal towards certain audiences . <SEP> what kind of data
in 1970 , abc debuted monday night football as part of its monday prime time schedule ; the program became a hit for the network and served as the national football league ( nfl ) 's premier game of the week until 2006 , when sunday night football , which moved to nbc that year as part of a broadcast deal that in turn saw mnf move to espn , took over as the league 's marquee game . <SEP> what football program
in 1970 , abc debuted monday night football as part of its monday prime time schedule ; the program became a hit for the network and served as the national football league ( nfl ) 's premier game of the week until 2006 , when sunday night football , which moved to nbc that year as part of a broadcast deal that in turn saw mnf move to espn , took over as the league 's marquee game . <SEP> when
in 1970 , abc debuted monday night football as part of its monday prime time schedule ; the program became a hit for the network and served as the national football league ( nfl ) 's premier game of the week until 2006 , when sunday night football , which moved to nbc that year as part of a broadcast deal that in turn saw mnf move to espn , took over as the league 's marquee game . <SEP> when
according to goldenson , monday night football helped earn abc regularly score an audience share of 15 % –16 % ; abc sports managed the budget for the monday night time slot to reallocate the weekly budget for abc 's prime time schedule to just six days , as opposed to seven on competing networks . <SEP> what kind of audience share
in 1970 , the fcc voted to pass the financial interest and syndication rules , a set of regulations aimed at preventing the major networks from monopolizing the broadcast landscape by barring them from owning any of the prime time programming that they broadcast . <SEP> in what year
in 1972 , the new rules resulted in the company 's decision to split abc films into two separate companies : the existing worldvision enterprises , which would produce and distribute programming for u.s. syndication , and abc circle films as a production unit . <SEP> what year
in 1972 , the new rules resulted in the company 's decision to split abc films into two separate companies : the existing worldvision enterprises , which would produce and distribute programming for u.s. syndication , and abc circle films as a production unit . <SEP> which new subdivision of abc films
in april 1970 , congress passed the public health cigarette smoking act which banned cigarette advertising from all television and radio networks , including abc , when it took effect on january 2 , 1971 . <SEP> what
in april 1970 , congress passed the public health cigarette smoking act which banned cigarette advertising from all television and radio networks , including abc , when it took effect on january 2 , 1971 . <SEP> when
citing limited profitability of its cinemas , abc great states , the central west division of abc theatres , was sold to henry plitt in 1974 . <SEP> who
on january 17 , 1972 , elton rule was named president and chief operating officer of abc a few months after goldenson reduced his role in the company after suffering a heart attack . <SEP> who
in the early 1970s , michael eisner , who joined abc in 1966 , became the network 's program development manager . <SEP> when
he helped bring about ideas for many series including happy days ( which originated as a segment on the anthology series love , american style ) , as well as several soap operas ; however , eisner 's main credit at abc was for developing youth-oriented programming . <SEP> what abc series
he helped bring about ideas for many series including happy days ( which originated as a segment on the anthology series love , american style ) , as well as several soap operas ; however , eisner 's main credit at abc was for developing youth-oriented programming . <SEP> what
eisner left abc in 1976 to become president of paramount pictures ( and would later become the president of abc 's eventual parent company , disney ) . <SEP> what company
in the spring of 1975 , fred pierce , the newly appointed president of abc television , convinced fred silverman to become the first president and director of programming of the independent television production subsidiary abc entertainment , created from the network 's namesake programming division . <SEP> who
in the spring of 1975 , fred pierce , the newly appointed president of abc television , convinced fred silverman to become the first president and director of programming of the independent television production subsidiary abc entertainment , created from the network 's namesake programming division . <SEP> who
in 1974 , abc premiered the detective series s.w.a.t . that same year , the network made the decision to compete with nbc 's morning news-talk program today . <SEP> in 1974 , what detective series
discovering that their formats seemed to appeal to their viewers , the network became the first to adopt them for a new national morning show , good morning america , which debuted on november 3 , 1975 . <SEP> when
many of these series were greenlit by silverman , who left abc in 1978 to become president of nbc 's entertainment division . <SEP> what position
the rousing success of happy days also led to a successful spin-off series , laverne & shirley , which debuted in 1976 . <SEP> what spinoff of happy days
charlie 's angels and three 's company ( which debuted in 1977 ) were two prime examples of a trend among the major networks during the 1970s known as " jiggle tv " , featuring attractive , often buxom , women in main and guest roles . <SEP> what television trend
for its part , the television network produced a few new hits during 1977 : january saw the premiere of roots , a miniseries based on an alex haley novel that was published the previous year ; in september , the love boat , a comedy-drama anthology series produced by aaron spelling which was based around the crew of a cruise ship and featured three stories centered partly on the ship 's various passengers ; although critically lambasted , the series turned out to be a ratings success and lasted nine seasons . <SEP> who
for its part , the television network produced a few new hits during 1977 : january saw the premiere of roots , a miniseries based on an alex haley novel that was published the previous year ; in september , the love boat , a comedy-drama anthology series produced by aaron spelling which was based around the crew of a cruise ship and featured three stories centered partly on the ship 's various passengers ; although critically lambasted , the series turned out to be a ratings success and lasted nine seasons . <SEP> how many seasons
the success of roots , happy days and the love boat allowed the network to take first place in the ratings for the first time in the 1976–77 season . <SEP> during which season
on september 13 , 1977 , the network debuted soap , a controversial soap opera parody which became known for being the first television series to feature an openly gay main character ( played by a then-unknown billy crystal ) ; it last ran on the network on april 20 , 1981 . <SEP> what
in 1977 , roone arledge was named president of the new abc news in addition to being president of abc sports . <SEP> who
in 1977 , roone arledge was named president of the new abc news in addition to being president of abc sports . <SEP> what other division
the company first constructed a new 10-story building on land previously occupied by an abandoned warehouse on the corner of columbus avenue and west 66th street ; the facility that was built in its place is nicknamed " 7 lincoln square " ( although it is actually located at 149 columbus avenue ) . <SEP> what
both buildings were completed in june 1979 . <SEP> when
in june 1978 , arledge created the newsmagazine 20/20 ; after its first episode received harshly negative reviews , the program – which debuted as a summer series , before becoming a year-round program in 1979 – was immediately revamped to feature a mix of in-depth stories and interviews , with hugh downs appointed as its anchor ( later paired alongside his former today colleague barbara walters ) . <SEP> when
in june 1978 , arledge created the newsmagazine 20/20 ; after its first episode received harshly negative reviews , the program – which debuted as a summer series , before becoming a year-round program in 1979 – was immediately revamped to feature a mix of in-depth stories and interviews , with hugh downs appointed as its anchor ( later paired alongside his former today colleague barbara walters ) . <SEP> who
in june 1978 , arledge created the newsmagazine 20/20 ; after its first episode received harshly negative reviews , the program – which debuted as a summer series , before becoming a year-round program in 1979 – was immediately revamped to feature a mix of in-depth stories and interviews , with hugh downs appointed as its anchor ( later paired alongside his former today colleague barbara walters ) . <SEP> which female anchor from today
in february 1979 , abc sold its recording division to mca inc. for $ 20 million ; the label was discontinued by march 5 of that year , and all of its 300 employees were laid off ( the rights to the works of abc records and all of mca 's other labels have since been acquired by universal music group ) . <SEP> who
in order to compete with cnn , abc proposed a 24-hour news channel called abc cable news , with plans to launch the network in 1995 ; however , the plan would ultimately be shelved by company management . <SEP> what channel
abc would reattempt such a concept in july 2004 with the launch of abc news now , a 24-hour news channel distributed for viewing on the internet and mobile phones . <SEP> what news network
on august 29 , 1994 , abc purchased flint , michigan affiliate wjrt-tv and wtvg in toledo , ohio ( which was previously affiliated with abc from 1958 to 1970 ) from sjl broadcast management , with the latter switching to abc once its contract with nbc expired two months after the purchase was finalized in early 1995 . <SEP> which
on august 29 , 1994 , abc purchased flint , michigan affiliate wjrt-tv and wtvg in toledo , ohio ( which was previously affiliated with abc from 1958 to 1970 ) from sjl broadcast management , with the latter switching to abc once its contract with nbc expired two months after the purchase was finalized in early 1995 . <SEP> what
the writers guild of america strike that halted production of network programs for much of the 2007–08 season affected the network in 2007–08 and 2008–09 , as various abc shows that premiered in 2007 , such as dirty sexy money , pushing daisies , eli stone and samantha who ? <SEP> what
one of the network 's strike-replacement programs during that time was the game show duel , which premiered in december 2007 . <SEP> what game
on august 15 , 2008 , disney denied rumors started by caris & co. that it would be selling the ten abc owned-and-operated stations . <SEP> who
in early 2009 , disney–abc television group merged abc entertainment and abc studios into a new division , abc entertainment group , which would be responsible for both its production and broadcasting operations . <SEP> what
on april 2 , 2009 , citadel communications announced that it would rebrand abc radio as citadel media ; however , abc news continued to provide news content for citadel . <SEP> what
the network began running into some trouble in the ratings by 2010 . <SEP> what year
that year , the sixth and final season of lost became the drama 's lowest-rated season since its debut in 2004 . <SEP> in what year
ratings for the once-instant hit ugly betty collapsed dramatically after it was moved to fridays at the start of its fourth season in the fall of 2009 ; an attempt to boost ratings by moving the dramedy to wednesdays failed , with its ultimate cancellation by the network eliciting negative reaction from the public , and particularly the show 's fanbase . <SEP> what night
when the fcc imposed its fin-syn rules in 1970 , abc proactively created two companies : worldvision enterprises as a syndication distributor , and abc circle films as a production company . <SEP> when
nonetheless , worldvision sold portions of its catalog , including the ruby-spears and hanna-barbera libraries , to turner broadcasting system in 1990 . <SEP> what company
also part of the library is the aforementioned selznick library , the cinerama productions/palomar theatrical library and the selmur productions catalog that the network acquired some years back , and the in-house productions it continues to produce ( such as america 's funniest home videos , general hospital , and abc news productions ) , although disney–abc domestic television ( formerly known as buena vista television ) handles domestic television distribution , while disney–abc international television ( formerly known as buena vista international television ) handles international television distribution . <SEP> what abc division
also part of the library is the aforementioned selznick library , the cinerama productions/palomar theatrical library and the selmur productions catalog that the network acquired some years back , and the in-house productions it continues to produce ( such as america 's funniest home videos , general hospital , and abc news productions ) , although disney–abc domestic television ( formerly known as buena vista television ) handles domestic television distribution , while disney–abc international television ( formerly known as buena vista international television ) handles international television distribution . <SEP> what
also part of the library is the aforementioned selznick library , the cinerama productions/palomar theatrical library and the selmur productions catalog that the network acquired some years back , and the in-house productions it continues to produce ( such as america 's funniest home videos , general hospital , and abc news productions ) , although disney–abc domestic television ( formerly known as buena vista television ) handles domestic television distribution , while disney–abc international television ( formerly known as buena vista international television ) handles international television distribution . <SEP> what
also part of the library is the aforementioned selznick library , the cinerama productions/palomar theatrical library and the selmur productions catalog that the network acquired some years back , and the in-house productions it continues to produce ( such as america 's funniest home videos , general hospital , and abc news productions ) , although disney–abc domestic television ( formerly known as buena vista television ) handles domestic television distribution , while disney–abc international television ( formerly known as buena vista international television ) handles international television distribution . <SEP> what library
since its inception , abc has had many affiliated stations , which include wabc-tv and wpvi-tv , the first two stations to carry the network 's programming . <SEP> what
as of march 2015 [ update ] , abc has eight owned-and-operated stations , and current and pending affiliation agreements with 235 additional television stations encompassing 49 states , the district of columbia , four u.s. possessions , bermuda and saba ; this makes abc the largest u.s. broadcast television network by total number of affiliates . <SEP> how many owned-and-operated stations
as of march 2015 [ update ] , abc has eight owned-and-operated stations , and current and pending affiliation agreements with 235 additional television stations encompassing 49 states , the district of columbia , four u.s. possessions , bermuda and saba ; this makes abc the largest u.s. broadcast television network by total number of affiliates . <SEP> how many stations
the network has an estimated national reach of 96.26 % of all households in the united states ( or 300,794,157 americans with at least one television set ) . <SEP> what percentage of american households
the network 's first logo , introduced in 1946 , consisted of a television screen containing the letters " t " and " v " , with a vertical abc microphone in the center , referencing the network 's roots in radio . <SEP> when
when the abc-upt merger was finalized in 1953 , the network introduced a new logo based on the seal of the federal communications commission , with the letters " abc " enclosed in a circular shield surmounted by the bald eagle . <SEP> what
in 1957 , just before the television network began its first color broadcasts , the abc logo consisted of a tiny lowercase " abc " in the center of a large lowercase letter a , a design known as the " abc circle a " . <SEP> when
with the 2011 cancellation of supernanny , extreme makeover : home edition became the only remaining program on the network 's schedule that was broadcast in 4:3 standard definition . <SEP> in what year
with the 2011 cancellation of supernanny , extreme makeover : home edition became the only remaining program on the network 's schedule that was broadcast in 4:3 standard definition . <SEP> in 2011 , which program
all of the network 's programming has been presented in hd since january 2012 ( with the exception of certain holiday specials produced prior to 2005 – such as the peanuts specials and rudolph 's shiny new year – which continue to be presented in 4:3 sd ) , when extreme makeover : home edition ended its run as a regular series and one life to live ( which had been presented in 16:9 standard definition since 2010 ) also ended its abc run . <SEP> in what format
the affiliate-syndicated saturday morning e/i block litton 's weekend aventure is also broadcast in hd , and was the first children 's program block on any u.s. broadcast network to feature programs available in the format upon its september 2011 debut . <SEP> what
abc 's master feed is transmitted in 720p high definition , the native resolution format for the walt disney company 's u.s. television properties . <SEP> what format
however , most of hearst television 's 16 abc-affiliated stations transmit the network 's programming in 1080i hd , while 11 other affiliates owned by various companies carry the network feed in 480i standard definition either due to technical considerations for affiliates of other major networks that carry abc programming on a digital subchannel or because a primary feed abc affiliate has not yet upgraded their transmission equipment to allow content to be presented in hd . <SEP> what format
however , most of hearst television 's 16 abc-affiliated stations transmit the network 's programming in 1080i hd , while 11 other affiliates owned by various companies carry the network feed in 480i standard definition either due to technical considerations for affiliates of other major networks that carry abc programming on a digital subchannel or because a primary feed abc affiliate has not yet upgraded their transmission equipment to allow content to be presented in hd . <SEP> how many affiliates
abc 's master feed is transmitted in 720p high definition , the native resolution format for the walt disney company 's u.s. television properties . <SEP> what
the network 's troubles with sustaining existing series and gaining new hits spilled over into its 2010–11 schedule : abc 's dramas during that season continued to fail , with the midseason forensic investigation drama body of proof being the only one that was renewed for a second season . <SEP> what
the network also struggled to establish new comedies to support the previous year 's debuts , with only late-season premiere happy endings earning a second season . <SEP> what
despite this and another noticeable ratings decline , abc would manage to outrate nbc for third place by a larger margin than the previous year . <SEP> what network
meanwhile , the new lows hit by brothers & sisters led to its cancellation , and the previous year 's only drama renewal , v , also failed to earn another season after a low-rated midseason run . <SEP> what drama program
on april 14 , 2011 , abc canceled the long-running soap operas all my children and one life to live after 41 and 43 years on the air , respectively ( following backlash from fans , abc sold the rights to both shows to prospect park , which eventually revived the soaps on hulu for one additional season in 2013 and with both companies suing one another for allegations of interference with the process of reviving the shows , failure to pay licensing fees and issues over abc 's use of certain characters from one live to live on general hospital during the transition ) . <SEP> what soap operas
on april 14 , 2011 , abc canceled the long-running soap operas all my children and one life to live after 41 and 43 years on the air , respectively ( following backlash from fans , abc sold the rights to both shows to prospect park , which eventually revived the soaps on hulu for one additional season in 2013 and with both companies suing one another for allegations of interference with the process of reviving the shows , failure to pay licensing fees and issues over abc 's use of certain characters from one live to live on general hospital during the transition ) . <SEP> who
on april 14 , 2011 , abc canceled the long-running soap operas all my children and one life to live after 41 and 43 years on the air , respectively ( following backlash from fans , abc sold the rights to both shows to prospect park , which eventually revived the soaps on hulu for one additional season in 2013 and with both companies suing one another for allegations of interference with the process of reviving the shows , failure to pay licensing fees and issues over abc 's use of certain characters from one live to live on general hospital during the transition ) . <SEP> on what service
the talk/lifestyle show that replaced one life to live , the revolution , failed to generate satisfactory ratings and was in turn canceled after only seven months . <SEP> what talk
nbc , which had lagged behind abc for eight years , finished the season in first place in the 18–49 demographic for the first time since 2004 , and in second place in total viewership behind long-dominant cbs . <SEP> when
the 2013–14 season was a slight improvement for abc with three new hits in the goldbergs , agents of s.h.i.e.l.d . and resurrection , all of which were renewed ; however , that season saw the cancellations of holdovers the neighbors ( which languished in its new friday time slot despite being bookended by last man standing and shark tank ) and suburgatory . <SEP> what comic book series
the 2013–14 season was a slight improvement for abc with three new hits in the goldbergs , agents of s.h.i.e.l.d . and resurrection , all of which were renewed ; however , that season saw the cancellations of holdovers the neighbors ( which languished in its new friday time slot despite being bookended by last man standing and shark tank ) and suburgatory . <SEP> what program that aired between last man standing and shark tank
among the few bright spots during this season were the midseason crime dramedy castle as well as the success of two family sitcoms that anchored the network 's revamped wednesday comedy lineup , the middle and modern family , the latter of which was both a critical and commercial success . <SEP> what two comedies
shark tank ( based on the dragon 's den reality format ) also became a midseason sleeper hit on sundays in the spring of 2010 ; the following season , it became the tentpole of the network 's friday night schedule , gradually helping make abc a strong competitor ( after being paired with 20/20 and beginning with the 2012–13 season , the tim allen sitcom last man standing ) against cbs ' long-dominant drama/reality lineup on that night for the first time since the " tgif " lineup ended in 2000 . <SEP> what day of the week
shark tank ( based on the dragon 's den reality format ) also became a midseason sleeper hit on sundays in the spring of 2010 ; the following season , it became the tentpole of the network 's friday night schedule , gradually helping make abc a strong competitor ( after being paired with 20/20 and beginning with the 2012–13 season , the tim allen sitcom last man standing ) against cbs ' long-dominant drama/reality lineup on that night for the first time since the " tgif " lineup ended in 2000 . <SEP> who
daniel burke departed from capital cities/abc in february 1994 , with thomas murphy taking over as president before ceding control to robert iger . <SEP> who
daniel burke departed from capital cities/abc in february 1994 , with thomas murphy taking over as president before ceding control to robert iger . <SEP> who
september 1994 saw the debut of nypd blue , a gritty police procedural from steven bochco ( who created doogie howser , m.d . and the critically pilloried cop rock for abc earlier in the decade ) ; lasting ten seasons , the drama became known for its boundary pushing of network television standards ( particularly its occasional use of graphic language and rear nudity ) , which led some affiliates to initially refuse to air the show in its first season . <SEP> what crime drama
september 1994 saw the debut of nypd blue , a gritty police procedural from steven bochco ( who created doogie howser , m.d . and the critically pilloried cop rock for abc earlier in the decade ) ; lasting ten seasons , the drama became known for its boundary pushing of network television standards ( particularly its occasional use of graphic language and rear nudity ) , which led some affiliates to initially refuse to air the show in its first season . <SEP> who
september 1994 saw the debut of nypd blue , a gritty police procedural from steven bochco ( who created doogie howser , m.d . and the critically pilloried cop rock for abc earlier in the decade ) ; lasting ten seasons , the drama became known for its boundary pushing of network television standards ( particularly its occasional use of graphic language and rear nudity ) , which led some affiliates to initially refuse to air the show in its first season . <SEP> how many seasons
in 1993 , the fcc repealed the financial interest and syndication rules , once again allowing networks to hold interests in television production studios . <SEP> when
that same year , capital cities/abc purchased the french animation studio dic entertainment ; it also signed an agreement with time warner cable to carry its owned-and-operated television stations on the provider 's systems in abc o & o markets . <SEP> what french animation studio
that same year , capital cities/abc purchased the french animation studio dic entertainment ; it also signed an agreement with time warner cable to carry its owned-and-operated television stations on the provider 's systems in abc o & o markets . <SEP> what cable provider
by that year , abc had a total viewership share of 23.63 % of american households , just below the limit of 25 % imposed by the fcc . <SEP> what
in may 1960 , abc purchased chicago radio station wls , which had shared airtime with wenr since the 1920s . <SEP> what radio station
on may 9 , 1960 , wls launched a new lineup consisting of abc radio programming . <SEP> when
in 1960 , canadian entrepreneur john bassett , who was trying to establish a television station in toronto , sought the help of abc to launch the station . <SEP> what canadian investor
leonard goldenson agreed to acquire a 25 % interest in cfto-tv ; however , legislation by the canadian radio-television commission prohibited abc 's involvement , resulting in the company withdrawing from the project before the station 's launch . <SEP> what project
on april 29 , 1961 , abc debuted wide world of sports , an anthology series created by edgar scherick through his company sports programs , inc. and produced by a young roone arledge which featured a different sporting event each broadcast . <SEP> who
on april 29 , 1961 , abc debuted wide world of sports , an anthology series created by edgar scherick through his company sports programs , inc. and produced by a young roone arledge which featured a different sporting event each broadcast . <SEP> who
abc purchased sports programs , inc. in exchange for shares in the company , leading it to become the future core of abc sports , with arledge as the executive producer of that division 's shows . <SEP> which
in 1965 , the corporate entity , american broadcasting-paramount theatres , was renamed as the american broadcasting companies , while its cinema division became abc theatres ; [ citation needed ] its recording division was renamed abc records in 1966 . <SEP> what
in december of that year , the abc television network premiered the dating game , a pioneer series in its genre , which was a reworking of the blind date concept in which a suitor selected one of three contestants sight unseen based on the answers to selected questions . <SEP> what
this was followed up in july 1966 by the newlywed game , featuring three recently married couples who guessed the responses to their partner 's questions ( some of which were fairly risque ) . <SEP> what
as abc began to outgrow its facilities at 7 west 66th street , goldenson found a new headquarters for abc in a 44 story building located at 1330 avenue of the americas in manhattan , at the corner of 54th street ( now occupied by the financial times 's new york office ) . <SEP> at what address
abc dominated the american television landscape during the 1970s and early 1980s ( by 1980 , the three major networks represented 90 % of all prime-time television viewership in the u.s. ) . <SEP> what percentage of prime-time tv viewership
several flagship series debuted on the network during this time including dynasty , an opulent drama from aaron spelling that became a hit when it premiered as a midseason series in 1981 , five months before spelling 's other abc hit charlie 's angels ended its run . <SEP> what drama from aaron spelling
the network was also propelled during the early 1980s by the continued successes of happy days , three 's company , laverne & shirley and fantasy island , and gained new hits in too close for comfort , soap spinoff benson and happy days spinoff mork & mindy . <SEP> what
in 1981 , abc ( through its abc video services division ) launched the alpha repertory television service ( arts ) , a cable channel operated as a joint venture with the hearst corporation offering cultural and arts programming , which aired as a nighttime service over the channel space of nickelodeon . <SEP> what channel
in 1983 , abc sold kxyz to the infinity broadcasting corporation . <SEP> what entity
that year , abc and hearst reached an agreement with rca to merge arts and competing arts service , the entertainment channel , into a single cable channel called arts & entertainment television ( a & e ) ; the new channel subsequently leased a separate satellite transponder , ending its sharing agreement with nickelodeon to become a 24-hour service . <SEP> with what other channel
that year , abc and hearst reached an agreement with rca to merge arts and competing arts service , the entertainment channel , into a single cable channel called arts & entertainment television ( a & e ) ; the new channel subsequently leased a separate satellite transponder , ending its sharing agreement with nickelodeon to become a 24-hour service . <SEP> what
in 1990 , thomas s. murphy delegated his position as president to daniel b. burke while remaining abc 's chairman and ceo . <SEP> who
in 1990 , thomas s. murphy delegated his position as president to daniel b. burke while remaining abc 's chairman and ceo . <SEP> what position at abc
capital cities/abc reported revenues of $ 465 million . <SEP> how much
now at a strong second place , the network entered the 1990s with additional family-friendly hits including america 's funniest home videos ( which has gone on to become the longest-running prime time entertainment program in the network 's history ) , step by step , hangin ' with mr. cooper , boy meets world and perfect strangers spinoff family matters , as well as series such as doogie howser , m.d. , life goes on , cult favorite twin peaks and the commish . <SEP> what
in september 1991 , the network premiered home improvement , a sitcom starring stand-up comic tim allen centering on the family and work life of an accident-prone host of a cable-access home improvement show . <SEP> what comedy
daytime programming is also provided from 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. weekdays ( with a one-hour break at 12:00 p.m. eastern/pacific for stations to air newscasts , other locally produced programming such as talk shows , or syndicated programs ) featuring the talk/lifestyle shows the view and the chew and the soap opera general hospital . <SEP> what soap opera
daytime programming is also provided from 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. weekdays ( with a one-hour break at 12:00 p.m. eastern/pacific for stations to air newscasts , other locally produced programming such as talk shows , or syndicated programs ) featuring the talk/lifestyle shows the view and the chew and the soap opera general hospital . <SEP> what two talk shows
abc news programming includes good morning america from 7:00 to 9:00 a.m. weekdays ( along with one-hour weekend editions ) ; nightly editions of abc world news tonight ( whose weekend editions are occasionally subject to abbreviation or preemption due to sports telecasts overrunning into the program 's timeslot ) , the sunday political talk show this week , early morning news programs world news now and america this morning and the late night newsmagazine nightline . <SEP> what times
late nights feature the weeknight talk show jimmy kimmel live ! <SEP> who
currently , new jersey , rhode island and delaware are the only u.s. states where abc does not have a locally licensed affiliate ( new jersey is served by new york city o & o wabc-tv and philadelphia o & o wpvi-tv ; rhode island is served by new bedford , massachusetts-licensed wlne ; and delaware is served by wpvi and salisbury , maryland affiliate wmdt ) . <SEP> what
abc maintains affiliations with low-power stations ( broadcasting either in analog or digital ) in a few markets , such as birmingham , alabama ( wbma-ld ) , lima , ohio ( wlqp-lp ) and south bend , indiana ( wbnd-ld ) . <SEP> what
abc maintains affiliations with low-power stations ( broadcasting either in analog or digital ) in a few markets , such as birmingham , alabama ( wbma-ld ) , lima , ohio ( wlqp-lp ) and south bend , indiana ( wbnd-ld ) . <SEP> what abc station in south bend , indiana
abc maintains affiliations with low-power stations ( broadcasting either in analog or digital ) in a few markets , such as birmingham , alabama ( wbma-ld ) , lima , ohio ( wlqp-lp ) and south bend , indiana ( wbnd-ld ) . <SEP> what
as a result , television series were produced by abc circle films beginning in 1962 and by touchstone television beginning in 1985 , before touchstone was reorganized as abc studios in february 2007 . <SEP> what entity
as a result , television series were produced by abc circle films beginning in 1962 and by touchstone television beginning in 1985 , before touchstone was reorganized as abc studios in february 2007 . <SEP> what entity
since the 1950s , abc has had two main production facilities : the abc television center ( now the prospect studios ) on prospect avenue in hollywood , california , shared with the operations of kabc-tv until 1999 ; and the abc television center , east , a set of studios located throughout the new york city . <SEP> which of abc 's main production facilities
since the 1950s , abc has had two main production facilities : the abc television center ( now the prospect studios ) on prospect avenue in hollywood , california , shared with the operations of kabc-tv until 1999 ; and the abc television center , east , a set of studios located throughout the new york city . <SEP> which of abc 's main production facilities
abc also owns the times square studios at 1500 broadway on land in times square owned by a development fund for the 42nd street project ; opened in 1999 , good morning america and nightline are broadcast from this particular facility . <SEP> what studio
abc also owns the times square studios at 1500 broadway on land in times square owned by a development fund for the 42nd street project ; opened in 1999 , good morning america and nightline are broadcast from this particular facility . <SEP> what programs
the block of west end avenue housing the abc news building was renamed peter jennings way in 2006 in honor of the recently deceased longtime abc news chief anchor and anchor of world news tonight . <SEP> that
the block of west end avenue housing the abc news building was renamed peter jennings way in 2006 in honor of the recently deceased longtime abc news chief anchor and anchor of world news tonight . <SEP> what show
abc maintains several video on demand services for delayed viewing of the network 's programming , including a traditional vod service called abc on demand , which is carried on most traditional cable and iptv providers . <SEP> what
the walt disney company is also a part-owner of hulu ( as part of a consortium that includes , among other parties , the respective parent companies of nbc and fox , nbcuniversal and 21st century fox ) , and has offered full-length episodes of most of abc 's programming through the streaming service since july 6 , 2009 ( which are available for viewing on hulu 's website and mobile app ) , as part of an agreement reached in april that year that also allowed disney to acquire a 27 % ownership stake in hulu . <SEP> when
the most recent episodes of the network 's shows are usually made available on watch abc , hulu and abc on demand the day after their original broadcast . <SEP> when
restrictions implemented by disney–abc television group on january 7 , 2014 restrict streaming of the most recent episode of any abc program on hulu and watch abc until eight days after their initial broadcast , in order to encourage live or same-week ( via both dvr and cable on demand ) viewing , with day-after-air streaming on either service limited to subscribers of participating pay television providers ( such as comcast , verizon fios and time warner cable ) using an isp account via an authenticated user login . <SEP> that
in addition , abc on demand ( like the video-on-demand television services provided by the other u.s. broadcast networks ) disallows fast forwarding of accessed content . <SEP> what
restrictions implemented by disney–abc television group on january 7 , 2014 restrict streaming of the most recent episode of any abc program on hulu and watch abc until eight days after their initial broadcast , in order to encourage live or same-week ( via both dvr and cable on demand ) viewing , with day-after-air streaming on either service limited to subscribers of participating pay television providers ( such as comcast , verizon fios and time warner cable ) using an isp account via an authenticated user login . <SEP> when
the logo is displayed on-air , online and in print advertising in four variants shading the respective color used with the circle design 's native black coloring : a gold version is primarily used on entertainment-oriented outlets ( such as abc.com , watch abc , and by abc studios ) and the on-screen bug ; steel blue and dark grey versions are used primarily by abc news ; a red version is used for espn on abc , while all four variants are used selectively in advertising and by affiliates . <SEP> how many variants
a new custom typeface , " abc modern " ( which was inspired by the logotype ) , was also created for use in advertising and other promotional materials . <SEP> what new typeface
the logo is displayed on-air , online and in print advertising in four variants shading the respective color used with the circle design 's native black coloring : a gold version is primarily used on entertainment-oriented outlets ( such as abc.com , watch abc , and by abc studios ) and the on-screen bug ; steel blue and dark grey versions are used primarily by abc news ; a red version is used for espn on abc , while all four variants are used selectively in advertising and by affiliates . <SEP> what network
however that year , abc had only 14 primary affiliates compared to the 74 that carried the majority of cbs programs and the 71 that were primarily affiliated with nbc . <SEP> how many primary affiliates
however that year , abc had only 14 primary affiliates compared to the 74 that carried the majority of cbs programs and the 71 that were primarily affiliated with nbc . <SEP> how many primary affiliates
until the all-channel receiver act ( passed by congress in 1961 ) mandated the inclusion of uhf tuning , most viewers needed to purchase a converter to be able to watch uhf stations , and the signal quality was marginal at best even with a converter . <SEP> what important legislation
according to goldenson , this meant that an hour of abc programming reported five times lower viewership than its competitors . <SEP> how much
still , abc 's limited reach would continue to hobble it for the next two decades ; several smaller markets would not grow large enough to support a full-time abc affiliate until the 1960s , with some very small markets having to wait as late as the 1980s or even the advent of digital television in the 2000s , which allowed stations like wtrf-tv in wheeling , west virginia to begin airing abc programming on a digital subchannel after airing the network 's programs outside of recommended timeslots decades before . <SEP> what
on september 3 , 1958 , the disneyland anthology series was retitled walt disney presents as it became disassociated with the theme park of the same name . <SEP> what
in late 1958 , desilu productions pitched its detective series the untouchables to cbs ; after that network rejected the show because of its use of violence , desilu then presented it to abc , which agreed to pick up the show , and debuted the untouchables in april 1959 . <SEP> what production company
in late 1958 , desilu productions pitched its detective series the untouchables to cbs ; after that network rejected the show because of its use of violence , desilu then presented it to abc , which agreed to pick up the show , and debuted the untouchables in april 1959 . <SEP> why
in late 1958 , desilu productions pitched its detective series the untouchables to cbs ; after that network rejected the show because of its use of violence , desilu then presented it to abc , which agreed to pick up the show , and debuted the untouchables in april 1959 . <SEP> when
due to pressure from film studios wanting to increase their production , as the major networks began airing theatrically released films , abc joined cbs and nbc in broadcasting films on sunday nights in 1962 , with the launch of the abc sunday night movie , which debuted a year behind its competitors and was initially presented in black-and-white . <SEP> what
despite a significant increase in viewership ( with its audience share having increased to 33 % from the 15 % share it had in 1953 ) , abc remained in third place ; the company had a total revenue of $ 15.5 million , a third of the revenue pulled in by cbs at the same period . <SEP> what
to catch up , abc followed up the flintstones with another animated series from hanna-barbera , the jetsons , which debuted on september 23 , 1962 as the first television series to be broadcast in color on the network . <SEP> what production company
to catch up , abc followed up the flintstones with another animated series from hanna-barbera , the jetsons , which debuted on september 23 , 1962 as the first television series to be broadcast in color on the network . <SEP> what
on april 1 , 1963 , abc debuted the soap opera general hospital , which would go on to become the television network 's long-running entertainment program . <SEP> when
the fcc approved the merger on december 21 , 1966 ; however , the previous day ( december 20 ) , donald f. turner , head antitrust regulator for the united states department of justice , expressed doubts related to such issues as the emerging cable television market , and concerns over the journalistic integrity of abc and how it could be influenced by the overseas ownership of itt . <SEP> what anitrust regulator
the merger was suspended , and a complaint was filed by the department of justice in july 1967 , with itt going to trial in october 1967 ; the merger was officially canceled after the trial 's conclusion on january 1 , 1968 . <SEP> when
in december 1984 , thomas s. murphy , chief executive officer of capital cities communications , contacted leonard goldenson about a proposal to merge their respective companies . <SEP> what company
on march 16 , 1985 , abc 's executive committee accepted the merger offer , which was formally announced on march 18 , 1985 , with capital cities purchasing abc and its related properties for $ 3.5 billion and $ 118 for each of abc 's shares as well as a guarantee of 10 % ( or $ 3 ) for a total of $ 121 per share . <SEP> how much
due to an fcc ban on same-market ownership of television and radio stations by a single company ( although the deal would have otherwise complied with new ownership rules implemented by the fcc in january 1985 , that allowed broadcasters to own a maximum of 12 television stations ) , abc and capital cities respectively decided to sell wxyz-tv and tampa independent station wfts-tv to the e. w. scripps company ( although capital cities/abc originally intended to seek a cross-ownership waiver to retain wxyz and capital cities-owned radio stations wjr and whyt ) . <SEP> of how many stations
the merger between abc and capital cities received federal approval on september 5 , 1985 . <SEP> when
after the abc/capital cities merger was finalized on january 3 , 1986 , the combined company – which became known as capital cities/abc , inc. – added four television stations ( wpvi-tv/philadelphia , ktrk-tv/houston , kfsn-tv/fresno and wtvd/raleigh ) and several radio stations to abc 's broadcasting portfolio , and also included fairchild publications and four newspapers ( including the kansas city star and fort worth star-telegram ) . <SEP> what
it also initiated several changes in its management : frederick s. pierce was named president of abc 's broadcasting division ; michael p. millardi became vice president of abc broadcasting , and president of abc owned stations and abc video enterprises ; john b. sias was appointed president of the abc television network ; brandon stoddard became president of abc entertainment ( a position to which he had been appointed in november 1985 ) ; and roone arledge became president of abc news and abc sports . <SEP> to what position
it also initiated several changes in its management : frederick s. pierce was named president of abc 's broadcasting division ; michael p. millardi became vice president of abc broadcasting , and president of abc owned stations and abc video enterprises ; john b. sias was appointed president of the abc television network ; brandon stoddard became president of abc entertainment ( a position to which he had been appointed in november 1985 ) ; and roone arledge became president of abc news and abc sports . <SEP> after the merger between abc and capital cities , who
it also initiated several changes in its management : frederick s. pierce was named president of abc 's broadcasting division ; michael p. millardi became vice president of abc broadcasting , and president of abc owned stations and abc video enterprises ; john b. sias was appointed president of the abc television network ; brandon stoddard became president of abc entertainment ( a position to which he had been appointed in november 1985 ) ; and roone arledge became president of abc news and abc sports . <SEP> who
as far as programming is concerned , four of abc 's marquee shows of the 1970s ended their runs during the mid-1980s : laverne & shirley ended its run in 1983 , happy days and three 's company ended in 1984 ( with the latter producing a short-lived spinoff that year ) , while the love boat ended its run in 1986 . <SEP> which sitcom
as far as programming is concerned , four of abc 's marquee shows of the 1970s ended their runs during the mid-1980s : laverne & shirley ended its run in 1983 , happy days and three 's company ended in 1984 ( with the latter producing a short-lived spinoff that year ) , while the love boat ended its run in 1986 . <SEP> which sitcom
after nearly a decade of ratings trouble , nbc had regained the ratings lead among the big three networks in 1984 on the success of series such as the cosby show , cheers and miami vice . <SEP> which network
as far as programming is concerned , four of abc 's marquee shows of the 1970s ended their runs during the mid-1980s : laverne & shirley ended its run in 1983 , happy days and three 's company ended in 1984 ( with the latter producing a short-lived spinoff that year ) , while the love boat ended its run in 1986 . <SEP> what comedy for abc
to counteract nbc , abc decided to refocus itself on comedies and family-oriented series beginning in the mid-1980s including mr. belvedere , roseanne , who 's the boss ? <SEP> what kind of series
following the initial success of these series , abc revamped its friday night schedule around family-friendly comedies in the late 1980s , culminating in the 1989 debut of the " tgif " block ( which promotions referenced stood for " thank goodness it 's funny " ) . <SEP> what comedy block
following the initial success of these series , abc revamped its friday night schedule around family-friendly comedies in the late 1980s , culminating in the 1989 debut of the " tgif " block ( which promotions referenced stood for " thank goodness it 's funny " ) . <SEP> what
many of the series featured during the run of the block were produced by miller-boyett productions , a warner bros.-based studio that briefly programmed the entire friday lineup during the 1990–91 season ( with going places joining family matters , full house and perfect strangers on the " tgif " schedule ) and through its development deal with paramount television prior to 1986 ( as miller-milkis , and later , miller-milkis-boyett productions ) , had earlier produced happy days and its various spinoffs among other series for the network . <SEP> most of the productions in the tgif lineup
many of the series featured during the run of the block were produced by miller-boyett productions , a warner bros.-based studio that briefly programmed the entire friday lineup during the 1990–91 season ( with going places joining family matters , full house and perfect strangers on the " tgif " schedule ) and through its development deal with paramount television prior to 1986 ( as miller-milkis , and later , miller-milkis-boyett productions ) , had earlier produced happy days and its various spinoffs among other series for the network . <SEP> with what company
in 1968 , abc took advantage of new fcc ownership regulations that allowed broadcasting companies to own a maximum of seven radio stations nationwide in order to purchase houston radio stations kxyz and kxyz-fm for $ 1 million in shares and $ 1.5 million in bonds . <SEP> how many radio stations
that year , roone arledge was named president of abc sports ; the company also founded abc pictures , a film production company which released its first picture that year , the ralph nelson-directed charly . <SEP> what
that year , roone arledge was named president of abc sports ; the company also founded abc pictures , a film production company which released its first picture that year , the ralph nelson-directed charly . <SEP> who
it was renamed abc motion pictures in 1979 ; the unit was dissolved in 1985 . <SEP> when
in july 1968 , abc continued its acquisitions in the amusement parks sector with the opening of abc marine world in redwood city , california ; that park was sold in 1972 and demolished in 1986 , with the land that occupied the park later becoming home to the headquarters of oracle corporation . <SEP> where
it was not until the late 1950s that the abc network became a serious contender to nbc and cbs , and this was in large part due to the diverse range of programming that met the expectations of the public , such as westerns and detective series . <SEP> what kind of programs
despite an almost 500 % increase in advertising revenues between 1953 and 1958 , the network only had a national reach of between 10 % and 18 % of the total u.s. population , as it still had relatively fewer affiliates than nbc and cbs . <SEP> how much
despite an almost 500 % increase in advertising revenues between 1953 and 1958 , the network only had a national reach of between 10 % and 18 % of the total u.s. population , as it still had relatively fewer affiliates than nbc and cbs . <SEP> what
in 1957 , abc entertainment president ollie treiz discovered that the locally produced variety show bandstand had pulled very strong ratings in the philadelphia market on wfil-tv ; treiz ultimately negotiated a deal to take the show national , under the revised title american bandstand ; the show quickly became a social phenomenon by presenting new musical talent and dances to america 's youth and helped make a star out of its host , dick clark . <SEP> who
in 1957 , abc entertainment president ollie treiz discovered that the locally produced variety show bandstand had pulled very strong ratings in the philadelphia market on wfil-tv ; treiz ultimately negotiated a deal to take the show national , under the revised title american bandstand ; the show quickly became a social phenomenon by presenting new musical talent and dances to america 's youth and helped make a star out of its host , dick clark . <SEP> who
these kinds of programs presented abc with an image of the " philosophy of counterprogramming against its competitors " , offering a strong lineup of programs that contrasted with those seen on its rival networks , which helped goldenson give the network a continuum between film and television . <SEP> what
abc 's western series ( as well as series such as the actioner zorro ) went up against and defeated the variety shows aired by nbc and cbs in the fall of 1957 , and its detective shows did the same in the fall of 1959 . <SEP> what
in may 1961 , life criticized the public enthusiasm and sponsorship for these types of shows at the expense of news programming and denounced an unofficial law " replacing the good programs with the bad ones " . <SEP> what magazine
abc 's western series ( as well as series such as the actioner zorro ) went up against and defeated the variety shows aired by nbc and cbs in the fall of 1957 , and its detective shows did the same in the fall of 1959 . <SEP> what kind of shows
in may 2013 , abc launched " watch abc " , a revamp of its traditional multi-platform streaming services encompassing the network 's existing streaming portal at abc.com and a mobile app for smartphones and tablet computers ; in addition to providing full-length episodes of abc programs , the service allows live programming streams of local abc affiliates in select markets ( the first such offering by a u.s. broadcast network ) . <SEP> what service
new york city o & o wabc-tv and philadelphia o & o wpvi-tv were the first stations to offer streams of their programming on the service ( with a free preview for non-subscribers through june 2013 ) , with the six remaining abc o & os offering streams by the start of the 2013–14 season . <SEP> what
hearst television also reached a deal to offer streams of its abc affiliates ( including stations in boston , kansas city , milwaukee and west palm beach ) on the service . <SEP> what company
similar to sister network espn 's watchespn service ( which originated the " watch " brand used by the streaming services of disney 's television networks ) , live streams of abc stations are only available to authenticated subscribers of participating pay television providers in certain markets . <SEP> what
the sinclair broadcast group is the largest operator of abc stations by numerical total , owning or providing services to 28 abc affiliates and two additional subchannel-only affiliates ; sinclair owns the largest abc subchannel affiliate by market size , wabm-dt2/wdbb-dt2 in the birmingham market , which serve as repeaters of wbma-ld ( the largest low-power " big four " affiliate by market size , which itself is also simulcast on a subchannel of former wbma satellite wgww , owned by sinclair partner company howard stirk holdings ) . <SEP> what broadcast group
the sinclair broadcast group is the largest operator of abc stations by numerical total , owning or providing services to 28 abc affiliates and two additional subchannel-only affiliates ; sinclair owns the largest abc subchannel affiliate by market size , wabm-dt2/wdbb-dt2 in the birmingham market , which serve as repeaters of wbma-ld ( the largest low-power " big four " affiliate by market size , which itself is also simulcast on a subchannel of former wbma satellite wgww , owned by sinclair partner company howard stirk holdings ) . <SEP> what
the e. w. scripps company is the largest operator of abc stations in terms of overall market reach , owning 15 abc-affiliated stations ( including affiliates in larger markets such as cleveland , phoenix , detroit and denver ) , and through its ownership of phoenix affiliate knxv , las vegas affiliate ktnv-tv and tucson affiliate kgun-tv , the only provider of abc programming for the majority of arizona ( outside of the yuma-el centro market ) and southern nevada . <SEP> what
the sinclair broadcast group is the largest operator of abc stations by numerical total , owning or providing services to 28 abc affiliates and two additional subchannel-only affiliates ; sinclair owns the largest abc subchannel affiliate by market size , wabm-dt2/wdbb-dt2 in the birmingham market , which serve as repeaters of wbma-ld ( the largest low-power " big four " affiliate by market size , which itself is also simulcast on a subchannel of former wbma satellite wgww , owned by sinclair partner company howard stirk holdings ) . <SEP> how many affiliates
the e. w. scripps company is the largest operator of abc stations in terms of overall market reach , owning 15 abc-affiliated stations ( including affiliates in larger markets such as cleveland , phoenix , detroit and denver ) , and through its ownership of phoenix affiliate knxv , las vegas affiliate ktnv-tv and tucson affiliate kgun-tv , the only provider of abc programming for the majority of arizona ( outside of the yuma-el centro market ) and southern nevada . <SEP> how many abc affiliates
on june 16 , 2007 , abc began to phase in a new imaging campaign for the upcoming 2007–08 season , " start here " . <SEP> what
also developed by troika , the on-air design was intended to emphasize the availability of abc content across multiple platforms ( in particular , using a system of icons representing different devices , such as television , computers and mobile devices ) , and " simplify and bring a lot more consistency and continuity to the visual representation of abc " . <SEP> who
the network has the unusual distinction of having separately owned and operated affiliates which serve the same market in tampa , florida ( wfts-tv and wwsb ) and grand rapids , michigan ( wzzm and wotv ) , with an analogous situation arising in kansas city , missouri ( kmbc-tv and kqtv ) . <SEP> what
the network has the unusual distinction of having separately owned and operated affiliates which serve the same market in tampa , florida ( wfts-tv and wwsb ) and grand rapids , michigan ( wzzm and wotv ) , with an analogous situation arising in kansas city , missouri ( kmbc-tv and kqtv ) . <SEP> what
the network has the unusual distinction of having separately owned and operated affiliates which serve the same market in tampa , florida ( wfts-tv and wwsb ) and grand rapids , michigan ( wzzm and wotv ) , with an analogous situation arising in kansas city , missouri ( kmbc-tv and kqtv ) . <SEP> what
kqtv is licensed to st. joseph , missouri , which is designated by nielsen as a separate market from kansas city despite being located within 55 miles ( 89 km ) of one another , while wwsb and wotv serve areas that do not receive an adequate signal from their market 's primary abc affiliate ( in the case of wwsb , this dates back to when wtsp was tampa 's primary abc affiliate prior to 1994 , with the former being necessitated to serve the southern part of the tampa market including the station 's city of license , sarasota , due to wtsp 's transmitter being short-spaced to avoid interfering with the analog signal of miami affiliate wplg – which like wtsp , broadcast on vhf channel 10 ) . <SEP> what
after founding the mongol empire and being proclaimed " genghis khan " , he started the mongol invasions that resulted in the conquest of most of eurasia . <SEP> what
these campaigns were often accompanied by wholesale massacres of the civilian populations – especially in the khwarezmian and xia controlled lands . <SEP> in which regions in particular
by the end of his life , the mongol empire occupied a substantial portion of central asia and china . <SEP> what
these included raids or invasions of the qara khitai , caucasus , khwarezmid empire , western xia and jin dynasties . <SEP> which other empires or dynasties
before genghis khan died , he assigned ögedei khan as his successor and split his empire into khanates among his sons and grandsons . <SEP> who
he died in 1227 after defeating the western xia . <SEP> what year
he died in 1227 after defeating the western xia . <SEP> which empire
before genghis khan died , he assigned ögedei khan as his successor and split his empire into khanates among his sons and grandsons . <SEP> whom
he was buried in an unmarked grave somewhere in mongolia at an unknown location . <SEP> where
temüjin was probably born in 1162 in delüün boldog , near burkhan khaldun mountain and the onon and kherlen rivers in modern-day northern mongolia , not far from the current capital ulaanbaatar . <SEP> where
he was the second-oldest son of his father yesügei , a khamag mongol 's major chief of the kiyad and an ally of toghrul khan of the keraite tribe , and the oldest son of his mother hoelun . <SEP> who
temüjin was probably born in 1162 in delüün boldog , near burkhan khaldun mountain and the onon and kherlen rivers in modern-day northern mongolia , not far from the current capital ulaanbaatar . <SEP> what year
according to the secret history , temüjin was named after a tatar chieftain , temüjin-üge , whom his father had just captured . <SEP> who
temüjin had three brothers named hasar , hachiun , and temüge , and one sister named temülen , as well as two half-brothers named begter and belgutei . <SEP> what
temüjin had three brothers named hasar , hachiun , and temüge , and one sister named temülen , as well as two half-brothers named begter and belgutei . <SEP> who
his father arranged a marriage for him , and at nine years of age he was delivered by his father to the family of his future wife börte , who was a member of the tribe khongirad . <SEP> what
his father arranged a marriage for him , and at nine years of age he was delivered by his father to the family of his future wife börte , who was a member of the tribe khongirad . <SEP> which tribe
temüjin was to live there in service to dai setsen , the head of the new household , until he reached the marriageable age of 12 . <SEP> who
begter , temujin 's older half-brother , began to exercise the power of the eldest male in the family and eventually temujin 's mother hoelun ( not begter 's mother ) would have to accept him as her husband if and when he became an adult . <SEP> which of temüjin 's brothers
begter , temujin 's older half-brother , began to exercise the power of the eldest male in the family and eventually temujin 's mother hoelun ( not begter 's mother ) would have to accept him as her husband if and when he became an adult . <SEP> who
temujin 's resentment erupted during one hunting excursion that temüjin and his brother khasar killed their half-brother begter . <SEP> who
temujin 's resentment erupted during one hunting excursion that temüjin and his brother khasar killed their half-brother begter . <SEP> when
in another incident , around 1177 , he was captured in a raid and held prisoner by his father 's former allies , the tayichi'ud . <SEP> who
the tayichi'ud enslaved temüjin ( reportedly with a cangue , a sort of portable stocks ) , but with the help of a sympathetic guard , the father of chilaun ( who later became a general of genghis khan ) , he was able to escape from the ger ( yurt ) in the middle of the night by hiding in a river crevice . <SEP> how
the tayichi'ud enslaved temüjin ( reportedly with a cangue , a sort of portable stocks ) , but with the help of a sympathetic guard , the father of chilaun ( who later became a general of genghis khan ) , he was able to escape from the ger ( yurt ) in the middle of the night by hiding in a river crevice . <SEP> which of his future general 's fathers
[ citation needed ] it was around this time that jelme and bo'orchu , two of genghis khan 's future generals , joined forces with him . <SEP> which of his future generals
the tayichi'ud enslaved temüjin ( reportedly with a cangue , a sort of portable stocks ) , but with the help of a sympathetic guard , the father of chilaun ( who later became a general of genghis khan ) , he was able to escape from the ger ( yurt ) in the middle of the night by hiding in a river crevice . <SEP> where
at this time , none of the tribal confederations of mongolia were united politically , and arranged marriages were often used to solidify temporary alliances . <SEP> what
temüjin 's mother hoelun taught him many lessons about the unstable political climate of mongolia , especially the need for alliances . <SEP> who
temüjin grew up observing the tough political climate of mongolia , which included tribal warfare , thievery , raids , corruption , and continual acts of revenge carried out between the various confederations , all compounded by interference from foreign forces such as the chinese dynasties to the south . <SEP> which foreign forces
temüjin 's mother hoelun taught him many lessons about the unstable political climate of mongolia , especially the need for alliances . <SEP> what
as previously arranged by his father , temüjin married börte of the onggirat tribe when he was around 16 in order to cement alliances between their respective tribes . <SEP> what
soon after börte 's marriage to temüjin , she was kidnapped by the merkits and reportedly given away as a wife . <SEP> who
temüjin rescued her with the help of his friend and future rival , jamukha , and his protector , toghrul khan of the keraite tribe . <SEP> who
she gave birth to a son , jochi ( 1185–1226 ) , nine months later , clouding the issue of his parentage . <SEP> what
she gave birth to a son , jochi ( 1185–1226 ) , nine months later , clouding the issue of his parentage . <SEP> what year
börte had three more sons , chagatai ( 1187—1241 ) , ögedei ( 1189—1241 ) , and tolui ( 1190–1232 ) . <SEP> how many sons
börte had three more sons , chagatai ( 1187—1241 ) , ögedei ( 1189—1241 ) , and tolui ( 1190–1232 ) . <SEP> what
börte had three more sons , chagatai ( 1187—1241 ) , ögedei ( 1189—1241 ) , and tolui ( 1190–1232 ) . <SEP> what year
börte had three more sons , chagatai ( 1187—1241 ) , ögedei ( 1189—1241 ) , and tolui ( 1190–1232 ) . <SEP> which male child of ghengis khan and börte
the names of at least six daughters are known , and while they played significant roles behind the scenes during his lifetime , no documents have survived that definitively provide the number or names of daughters born to the consorts of genghis khan . <SEP> how many names of ghengis khan 's daughters
temüjin began his ascent to power by offering himself as an ally ( or , according to other sources , a vassal ) to his father 's anda ( sworn brother or blood brother ) toghrul , who was khan of the keraites , and is better known by the chinese title " wang khan " , which the jurchen jin dynasty granted him in 1197 . <SEP> what
temüjin began his ascent to power by offering himself as an ally ( or , according to other sources , a vassal ) to his father 's anda ( sworn brother or blood brother ) toghrul , who was khan of the keraites , and is better known by the chinese title " wang khan " , which the jurchen jin dynasty granted him in 1197 . <SEP> with whom
temüjin began his ascent to power by offering himself as an ally ( or , according to other sources , a vassal ) to his father 's anda ( sworn brother or blood brother ) toghrul , who was khan of the keraites , and is better known by the chinese title " wang khan " , which the jurchen jin dynasty granted him in 1197 . <SEP> what tribe
temüjin turned to toghrul for support , and in response , toghrul offered his vassal 20,000 of his keraite warriors and suggested that he also involve his childhood friend jamukha , who had himself become khan ( ruler ) of his own tribe , the jadaran . <SEP> how many warriors
temüjin turned to toghrul for support , and in response , toghrul offered his vassal 20,000 of his keraite warriors and suggested that he also involve his childhood friend jamukha , who had himself become khan ( ruler ) of his own tribe , the jadaran . <SEP> which of temüjin 's childhood friends
jamukha supported the traditional mongolian aristocracy , while temüjin followed a meritocratic method , and attracted a broader , though lower class , range of followers . <SEP> who
due to his earlier defeat of the merkits , and a proclamation by the shaman kokochu that the eternal blue sky had set aside the world for temüjin , temüjin began rising to power . <SEP> which shaman 's proclamation
in 1186 , temüjin was elected khan of the mongols . <SEP> when
temüjin hastily gathered together his followers to defend against the attack , but he was decisively beaten in the battle of dalan balzhut . <SEP> which battle
toghrul , as temüjin 's patron , was exiled to the qara khitai . <SEP> where
as an incentive for absolute obedience and following his rule of law , the yassa code , temüjin promised civilians and soldiers wealth from future possible war spoils . <SEP> what
as an incentive for absolute obedience and following his rule of law , the yassa code , temüjin promised civilians and soldiers wealth from future possible war spoils . <SEP> what
he would even have his mother adopt orphans from the conquered tribe , bringing them into his family . <SEP> who
instead , he took the conquered tribe under his protection and integrated its members into his own tribe . <SEP> what
one of the later ruptures between toghrul and temüjin was toghrul 's refusal to give his daughter in marriage to jochi , the eldest son of temüjin , a sign of disrespect in the mongolian culture . <SEP> to whom
toghrul allied himself with jamukha , who already opposed temüjin 's forces ; however , the internal dispute between toghrul and jamukha , plus the desertion of a number of their allies to temüjin , led to toghrul 's defeat . <SEP> who
jamukha escaped during the conflict . <SEP> who
this defeat was a catalyst for the fall and eventual dissolution of the keraite tribe . <SEP> what tribe
the next direct threat to temüjin was the naimans ( naiman mongols ) , with whom jamukha and his followers took refuge . <SEP> who
in 1201 , a khuruldai elected jamukha as gür khan , " universal ruler " , a title used by the rulers of the qara khitai . <SEP> what year
in 1201 , a khuruldai elected jamukha as gür khan , " universal ruler " , a title used by the rulers of the qara khitai . <SEP> what
before the conflict , however , several generals abandoned jamukha , including subutai , jelme 's well-known younger brother . <SEP> which well-known general
after several battles , jamukha was finally turned over to temüjin by his own men in 1206 . <SEP> what year
according to the secret history , temüjin again offered his friendship to jamukha , asking him to return to his side . <SEP> what
temüjin had killed the men who betrayed jamukha , stating that he did not want disloyal men in his army . <SEP> why
jamukha refused the offer of friendship and reunion , saying that there can only be one sun in the sky , and he asked for a noble death . <SEP> what
he seemed to be a quick student , adopting new technologies and ideas that he encountered , such as siege warfare from the chinese . <SEP> from whom
he was also ruthless , demonstrated by his tactic of measuring against the linchpin , used against the tribes led by jamukha . <SEP> which rival 's tribes
these include rifts with his early allies such as jamukha ( who also wanted to be a ruler of mongol tribes ) and wang khan ( his and his father 's ally ) , his son jochi , and problems with the most important shaman , who was allegedly trying to drive a wedge between him and his loyal brother khasar . <SEP> which
his military strategies showed a deep interest in gathering good intelligence and understanding the motivations of his rivals , exemplified by his extensive spy network and yam route systems . <SEP> what aspect of the economy
these include rifts with his early allies such as jamukha ( who also wanted to be a ruler of mongol tribes ) and wang khan ( his and his father 's ally ) , his son jochi , and problems with the most important shaman , who was allegedly trying to drive a wedge between him and his loyal brother khasar . <SEP> who
as a result , by 1206 temüjin had managed to unite or subdue the merkits , naimans , mongols , keraites , tatars , uyghurs , and other disparate smaller tribes under his rule . <SEP> by what year
at a khuruldai , a council of mongol chiefs , temüjin was acknowledged as " khan " of the consolidated tribes and took the new title " genghis khan " . <SEP> what
the title khagan was not conferred on genghis until after his death , when his son and successor , ögedei , took the title for himself and extended it posthumously to his father ( as he was also to be posthumously declared the founder of the yuan dynasty ) . <SEP> what title
the title khagan was not conferred on genghis until after his death , when his son and successor , ögedei , took the title for himself and extended it posthumously to his father ( as he was also to be posthumously declared the founder of the yuan dynasty ) . <SEP> who
at a khuruldai , a council of mongol chiefs , temüjin was acknowledged as " khan " of the consolidated tribes and took the new title " genghis khan " . <SEP> who
in 1211 , after the conquest of western xia , genghis khan planned again to conquer the jin dynasty . <SEP> what dynasty
instead , the jin commander sent a messenger , ming-tan , to the mongol side , who defected and told the mongols that the jin army was waiting on the other side of the pass . <SEP> who
in 1215 genghis besieged , captured , and sacked the jin capital of zhongdu ( modern-day beijing ) . <SEP> when
this forced the emperor xuanzong to move his capital south to kaifeng , abandoning the northern half of his kingdom to the mongols . <SEP> where
between 1232 and 1233 , kaifeng fell to the mongols under the reign of genghis ' third son , ögedei khan . <SEP> which of genghis khan 's sons
kuchlug , the deposed khan of the naiman confederation that temüjin defeated and folded into his mongol empire , fled west and usurped the khanate of qara khitai ( also known as the western liao , as it was originally established as remnants of the liao dynasty ) . <SEP> who
kuchlug , the deposed khan of the naiman confederation that temüjin defeated and folded into his mongol empire , fled west and usurped the khanate of qara khitai ( also known as the western liao , as it was originally established as remnants of the liao dynasty ) . <SEP> what older dynasty
therefore , genghis sent only two tumen ( 20,000 soldiers ) against kuchlug , under his younger general , jebe , known as " the arrow " . <SEP> how many soldiers
therefore , genghis sent only two tumen ( 20,000 soldiers ) against kuchlug , under his younger general , jebe , known as " the arrow " . <SEP> which young general
therefore , genghis sent only two tumen ( 20,000 soldiers ) against kuchlug , under his younger general , jebe , known as " the arrow " . <SEP> what other moniker
with such a small force , the invading mongols were forced to change strategies and resort to inciting internal revolt among kuchlug 's supporters , leaving the qara khitai more vulnerable to mongol conquest . <SEP> what strategy
as a result , kuchlug 's army was defeated west of kashgar . <SEP> where
by 1218 , as a result of defeat of qara khitai , the mongol empire and its control extended as far west as lake balkhash , which bordered the khwarezmia ( khwarezmid empire ) , a muslim state that reached the caspian sea to the west and persian gulf and the arabian sea to the south . <SEP> how
by 1218 , as a result of defeat of qara khitai , the mongol empire and its control extended as far west as lake balkhash , which bordered the khwarezmia ( khwarezmid empire ) , a muslim state that reached the caspian sea to the west and persian gulf and the arabian sea to the south . <SEP> which empire
by 1218 , as a result of defeat of qara khitai , the mongol empire and its control extended as far west as lake balkhash , which bordered the khwarezmia ( khwarezmid empire ) , a muslim state that reached the caspian sea to the west and persian gulf and the arabian sea to the south . <SEP> what kind of state
in the early 13th century , the khwarazmian dynasty was governed by shah ala ad-din muhammad . <SEP> who
however , inalchuq , the governor of the khwarezmian city of otrar , attacked the caravan that came from mongolia , claiming that the caravan contained spies and therefore was a conspiracy against khwarezmia . <SEP> who
the shah had all the men shaved and the muslim beheaded and sent his head back with the two remaining ambassadors . <SEP> which of genghis khan 's ambassadors
outraged , genghis khan planned one of his largest invasion campaigns by organizing together around 100,000 soldiers ( 10 tumens ) , his most capable generals and some of his sons . <SEP> how many soldiers
genghis khan saw the potential advantage in khwarezmia as a commercial trading partner using the silk road , and he initially sent a 500-man caravan to establish official trade ties with the empire . <SEP> what trading
the mongol army under genghis khan , generals and his sons crossed the tien shan mountains by entering the area controlled by the khwarezmian empire . <SEP> what mountain range
after compiling intelligence from many sources genghis khan carefully prepared his army , which was divided into three groups . <SEP> how many divisions
the second division under jebe marched secretly to the southeast part of khwarzemia to form , with the first division , a pincer attack on samarkand . <SEP> where
the third division under genghis khan and tolui marched to the northwest and attacked khwarzemia from that direction . <SEP> who
the second division under jebe marched secretly to the southeast part of khwarzemia to form , with the first division , a pincer attack on samarkand . <SEP> which area of khwarezmia
this fragmentation was decisive in khwarezmia 's defeats , as it allowed the mongols , although exhausted from the long journey , to immediately set about defeating small fractions of the khwarzemi forces instead of facing a unified defense . <SEP> what feature of the shah 's army
the mongol army quickly seized the town of otrar , relying on superior strategy and tactics . <SEP> which town 's massacre
genghis khan ordered the wholesale massacre of many of the civilians , enslaved the rest of the population and executed inalchuq by pouring molten silver into his ears and eyes , as retribution for his actions . <SEP> what metal
near the end of the battle the shah fled rather than surrender . <SEP> what
genghis khan ordered subutai and jebe to hunt him down , giving them 20,000 men and two years to do this . <SEP> who
after the capital samarkand fell , the capital was moved to bukhara by the remaining men , while genghis khan ordered two of his generals and their forces to completely destroy the remnants of the khwarezmid empire , including not only royal buildings , but entire towns , populations , and even vast swaths of farmland . <SEP> what
after the capital samarkand fell , the capital was moved to bukhara by the remaining men , while genghis khan ordered two of his generals and their forces to completely destroy the remnants of the khwarezmid empire , including not only royal buildings , but entire towns , populations , and even vast swaths of farmland . <SEP> where
according to legend , genghis khan even went so far as to divert a river through the khwarezmid emperor 's birthplace , erasing it from the map . <SEP> what
the mongols attacked samarkand using captured enemies as body shields . <SEP> what
after the fortress fell , genghis supposedly reneged on his surrender terms and executed every soldier that had taken arms against him at samarkand . <SEP> how
the people of samarkand were ordered to evacuate and assemble in a plain outside the city , where they were killed and pyramids of severed heads raised as a symbol of victory . <SEP> what victory symbols
the city leaders opened the gates to the mongols , though a unit of turkish defenders held the city 's citadel for another twelve days . <SEP> how
the city leaders opened the gates to the mongols , though a unit of turkish defenders held the city 's citadel for another twelve days . <SEP> who
survivors from the citadel were executed , artisans and craftsmen were sent back to mongolia , young men who had not fought were drafted into the mongolian army and the rest of the population was sent into slavery . <SEP> which residents of bukhara
genghis khan had the city 's surviving population assemble in the main mosque of the town , where he declared that he was the flail of god , sent to punish them for their sins . <SEP> how
survivors from the citadel were executed , artisans and craftsmen were sent back to mongolia , young men who had not fought were drafted into the mongolian army and the rest of the population was sent into slavery . <SEP> who among the population of bukhara
after the defeat of the khwarezmian empire in 1220 , genghis khan gathered his forces in persia and armenia to return to the mongolian steppes . <SEP> what year
under the suggestion of subutai , the mongol army was split into two forces . <SEP> whose plan
the mongols destroyed the kingdom of georgia , sacked the genoese trade-fortress of caffa in crimea and overwintered near the black sea . <SEP> where
at the battle of kalka river in 1223 , subutai 's forces defeated the larger kievan force . <SEP> where
heading home , subutai 's forces attacked the allied forces of the cuman–kipchaks and the poorly coordinated 80,000 kievan rus ' troops led by mstislav the bold of halych and mstislav iii of kiev who went out to stop the mongols ' actions in the area . <SEP> who
later under genghis khan 's grandson batu and the golden horde , the mongols returned to conquer volga bulgaria and kievan rus ' in 1237 , concluding the campaign in 1240 . <SEP> which mongol leader
later under genghis khan 's grandson batu and the golden horde , the mongols returned to conquer volga bulgaria and kievan rus ' in 1237 , concluding the campaign in 1240 . <SEP> by what name
the famous cavalry expedition led by subutai and jebe , in which they encircled the entire caspian sea defeating all armies in their path , remains unparalleled to this day , and word of the mongol triumphs began to trickle to other nations , particularly europe . <SEP> which two mongol leaders
in 1225 both divisions returned to mongolia . <SEP> when
genghis khan recalled subutai back to mongolia soon afterwards , and jebe died on the road back to samarkand . <SEP> where
in 1226 , immediately after returning from the west , genghis khan began a retaliatory attack on the tanguts . <SEP> in which year
his armies quickly took heisui , ganzhou , and suzhou ( not the suzhou in jiangsu province ) , and in the autumn he took xiliang-fu [ disambiguation needed ] . <SEP> what season
one of the tangut generals challenged the mongols to a battle near helan mountains but was defeated . <SEP> who
in november , genghis laid siege to the tangut city lingzhou and crossed the yellow river , defeating the tangut relief army . <SEP> what river
according to legend , it was here that genghis khan reportedly saw a line of five stars arranged in the sky and interpreted it as an omen of his victory . <SEP> what omen
in 1227 , genghis khan 's army attacked and destroyed the tangut capital of ning hia and continued to advance , seizing lintiao-fu , xining province , xindu-fu , and deshun province in quick succession in the spring . <SEP> what
at deshun , the tangut general ma jianlong put up a fierce resistance for several days and personally led charges against the invaders outside the city gate . <SEP> who
ma jianlong later died from wounds received from arrows in battle . <SEP> what weapon
genghis khan , after conquering deshun , went to liupanshan ( qingshui county , gansu province ) to escape the severe summer . <SEP> where
not happy with their betrayal and resistance , genghis khan ordered the entire imperial family to be executed , effectively ending the tangut lineage . <SEP> what
in the secret history of the mongols , just before the invasion of the khwarezmid empire by genghis khan , chagatai declared before his father and brothers that he would never accept jochi as genghis khan 's successor . <SEP> which mongol leader
in the secret history of the mongols , just before the invasion of the khwarezmid empire by genghis khan , chagatai declared before his father and brothers that he would never accept jochi as genghis khan 's successor . <SEP> which military campaign
in response to this tension , and possibly for other reasons , ögedei was appointed as successor . <SEP> who
genghis khan was aware of the friction between his sons ( particularly between chagatai and jochi ) and worried of possible conflict between them if he died . <SEP> which pair of genghis khan 's sons
chagatai was considered unstable due to his temper and rash behavior , because of statements he made that he would not follow jochi if he were to become his father 's successor . <SEP> which of genghis khan 's sons
tolui , genghis khan 's youngest son , was not to be his successor because he was the youngest and in the mongol culture , youngest sons were not given much responsibility due to their age . <SEP> which
ögedei was seen by genghis khan as dependable in character and relatively stable and down to earth and would be a neutral candidate and might defuse the situation between his brothers . <SEP> which son
rashid al-din reports that the great khan sent for his sons in the spring of 1223 , and while his brothers heeded the order , jochi remained in khorasan . <SEP> where
juzjani suggests that the disagreement arose from a quarrel between jochi and his brothers in the siege of urgench . <SEP> which territory
i would be doing a service if i killed my father when he is hunting , made an alliance with sultan muhammad , brought this land to life and gave assistance and support to the muslims . " <SEP> who
in august 1227 , during the fall of yinchuan , the capital of western xia , genghis khan died . <SEP> when
according to the secret history of the mongols genghis khan fell from his horse while hunting and died because of the injury . <SEP> what
the galician–volhynian chronicle alleges he was killed by the western xia in battle , while marco polo wrote that he died after the infection of an arrow wound he received during his final campaign . <SEP> what weapon
one chronicle from the early 17th century even relates the legend that the princess hid a small dagger and stabbed him , though some mongol authors have doubted this version and suspected it to be an invention by the rival oirads . <SEP> which rival of the mongols
years before his death , genghis khan asked to be buried without markings , according to the customs of his tribe . <SEP> what
after he died , his body was returned to mongolia and presumably to his birthplace in khentii aimag , where many assume he is buried somewhere close to the onon river and the burkhan khaldun mountain ( part of the kentii mountain range ) . <SEP> where
after he died , his body was returned to mongolia and presumably to his birthplace in khentii aimag , where many assume he is buried somewhere close to the onon river and the burkhan khaldun mountain ( part of the kentii mountain range ) . <SEP> what river
the genghis khan mausoleum , constructed many years after his death , is his memorial , but not his burial site . <SEP> what memorial
in 1939 chinese nationalist soldiers took the mausoleum from its position at the 'lord 's enclosure ' ( mongolian : edsen khoroo ) in mongolia to protect it from japanese troops . <SEP> what
it was taken through communist-held territory in yan'an some 900 km on carts to safety at a buddhist monastery , the dongshan dafo dian , where it remained for ten years . <SEP> which buddhist monastery
in 1949 , as communist troops advanced , the nationalist soldiers moved it another 200 km farther west to the famous tibetan monastery of kumbum monastery or ta'er shi near xining , which soon fell under communist control . <SEP> where
in early 1954 , genghis khan 's bier and relics were returned to the lord 's enclosure in mongolia . <SEP> when
in 1968 during the cultural revolution , red guards destroyed almost everything of value . <SEP> who
on october 6 , 2004 , a joint japanese-mongolian archaeological dig uncovered what is believed to be genghis khan 's palace in rural mongolia , which raises the possibility of actually locating the ruler 's long-lost burial site . <SEP> on which date
folklore says that a river was diverted over his grave to make it impossible to find ( the same manner of burial as the sumerian king gilgamesh of uruk and atilla the hun ) . <SEP> what kind of water body
folklore says that a river was diverted over his grave to make it impossible to find ( the same manner of burial as the sumerian king gilgamesh of uruk and atilla the hun ) . <SEP> what two other rulers
other tales state that his grave was stampeded over by many horses , and that trees were then planted over the site , and the permafrost also did its part in hiding the burial site . <SEP> what animals
the mongol empire was governed by a civilian and military code , called the yassa , created by genghis khan . <SEP> who
the mongol empire was governed by a civilian and military code , called the yassa , created by genghis khan . <SEP> what
the mongol empire did not emphasize the importance of ethnicity and race in the administrative realm , instead adopting an approach grounded in meritocracy . <SEP> what
many of the empire 's nomadic inhabitants considered themselves mongols in military and civilian life , including mongols , turks and others and included many diverse khans of various ethnicities as part of the mongol empire such as muhammad khan . <SEP> who
there were tax exemptions for religious figures and , to some extent , teachers and doctors . <SEP> what perk
[ citation needed ] sometime before the rise of genghis khan , ong khan , his mentor and eventual rival , had converted to nestorian christianity . <SEP> which of genghis khan 's mentors
the mongol empire practiced religious tolerance because mongol tradition had long held that religion was a personal concept , and not subject to law or interference . <SEP> how
various mongol tribes were shamanist , buddhist or christian . <SEP> what
women played a relatively important role in mongol empire and in family , for example töregene khatun was briefly in charge of the mongol empire when next male khagan was being chosen . <SEP> which woman
modern scholars refer to the alleged policy of encouraging trade and communication as the pax mongolica ( mongol peace ) . <SEP> what
however , there is no evidence of this , or of the lifting of discriminatory policies towards sedentary peoples such as the chinese . <SEP> who
modern mongolian historians say that towards the end of his life , genghis khan attempted to create a civil state under the great yassa that would have established the legal equality of all individuals , including women . <SEP> what
for this purpose genghis khan invited a khitan prince , chu'tsai , who worked for the jin and had been captured by the mongol army after the jin dynasty was defeated . <SEP> which khitan prince
he also realised that such administrators could not be found among his mongol people because they were nomads and thus had no experience governing cities . <SEP> why
jin had captured power by displacing khitan . <SEP> which
genghis told chu'tsai , who was a lineal descendant of khitan rulers , that he had avenged chu'tsai 's forefathers . <SEP> who
genghis khan put absolute trust in his generals , such as muqali , jebe and subutai , and regarded them as close advisors , often extending them the same privileges and trust normally reserved for close family members . <SEP> who among genghis khan 's subjects
he allowed them to make decisions on their own when they embarked on campaigns far from the mongol empire capital karakorum . <SEP> what
muqali , a trusted lieutenant , was given command of the mongol forces against the jin dynasty while genghis khan was fighting in central asia , and subutai and jebe were allowed to pursue the great raid into the caucasus and kievan rus ' , an idea they had presented to the khagan on their own initiative . <SEP> who
muqali , a trusted lieutenant , was given command of the mongol forces against the jin dynasty while genghis khan was fighting in central asia , and subutai and jebe were allowed to pursue the great raid into the caucasus and kievan rus ' , an idea they had presented to the khagan on their own initiative . <SEP> which two generals
while granting his generals a great deal of autonomy in making command decisions , genghis khan also expected unwavering loyalty from them . <SEP> what
the mongol military was also successful in siege warfare , cutting off resources for cities and towns by diverting certain rivers , taking enemy prisoners and driving them in front of the army , and adopting new ideas , techniques and tools from the people they conquered , particularly in employing muslim and chinese siege engines and engineers to aid the mongol cavalry in capturing cities . <SEP> what
the mongol military was also successful in siege warfare , cutting off resources for cities and towns by diverting certain rivers , taking enemy prisoners and driving them in front of the army , and adopting new ideas , techniques and tools from the people they conquered , particularly in employing muslim and chinese siege engines and engineers to aid the mongol cavalry in capturing cities . <SEP> what
another standard tactic of the mongol military was the commonly practiced feigned retreat to break enemy formations and to lure small enemy groups away from the larger group and defended position for ambush and counterattack . <SEP> how
the mongol military was also successful in siege warfare , cutting off resources for cities and towns by diverting certain rivers , taking enemy prisoners and driving them in front of the army , and adopting new ideas , techniques and tools from the people they conquered , particularly in employing muslim and chinese siege engines and engineers to aid the mongol cavalry in capturing cities . <SEP> how
at the time of his death , the mongol empire stretched from the caspian sea to the sea of japan . <SEP> what sea
at the time of his death , the mongol empire stretched from the caspian sea to the sea of japan . <SEP> what body of water
under genghis 's successor ögedei khan the speed of expansion reached its peak . <SEP> who
mongol armies pushed into persia , finished off the western xia and the remnants of the khwarezmids , and came into conflict with the imperial song dynasty of china , starting a war that lasted until 1279 and that concluded with the mongols gaining control of all of china . <SEP> what year
genghis khan is credited with bringing the silk road under one cohesive political environment . <SEP> to which
in turkey , genghis khan is looked on as a great military leader , and it is popular for male children to carry his title as name . <SEP> which middle eastern country
some historians have noted that genghis khan instituted certain levels of meritocracy in his rule , was tolerant of religions and explained his policies clearly to all his soldiers . <SEP> what
this allowed increased communication and trade between the west , middle east and asia , thus expanding the horizons of all three cultural areas . <SEP> what effect
in the early 1990s the memory of genghis khan with the mongolian national identity has had a powerful revival partly because of his perception during the mongolian people 's republic period . <SEP> what recent decade
he is looked upon positively by mongolians for his role in uniting warring tribes . <SEP> what
for example , it is not uncommon for mongolians to refer to their country as " genghis khan 's mongolia " , to themselves as " genghis khan 's children " , and to genghis khan as the " father of the mongols " especially among the younger generation . <SEP> how
mongolians maintain that the historical records written by non-mongolians are unfairly biased against genghis khan and that his butchery is exaggerated , while his positive role is underrated . <SEP> what
his face can be found on everyday commodities , from liquor bottles to candy products , and on the largest denominations of 500 , 1,000 , 5,000 , 10,000 , and 20,000 mongolian tögrög ( ₮ ) . <SEP> what
in mongolia today , genghis khan 's name and likeness are endorsed on products , streets , buildings , and other places . <SEP> whose likeness
mongolia 's main international airport in ulaanbaatar is named chinggis khaan international airport . <SEP> what
there have been repeated discussions about regulating the use of his name and image to avoid trivialization . <SEP> why
major genghis khan statues have been erected before the parliament and near ulaanbaatar . <SEP> what city
he is also given credit for the introduction of the traditional mongolian script and the creation of the ikh zasag ( great administration ) , the first written mongolian law . <SEP> what
" ikh zasag law adopted during genghis khan ’ s time in mongolia had points to punish illegal matters related to corruption and bribery very heavily , " mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj noted . <SEP> what
" ikh zasag law adopted during genghis khan ’ s time in mongolia had points to punish illegal matters related to corruption and bribery very heavily , " mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj noted . <SEP> which mongolian president
he is also given credit for the introduction of the traditional mongolian script and the creation of the ikh zasag ( great administration ) , the first written mongolian law . <SEP> what innovation in mongolian language
there are conflicting views of genghis khan in the people 's republic of china with some viewing him positively in the inner mongolia region where there are a monument and buildings about him and where there is a considerable number of mongols in the area with a population of around 5 million , almost twice the population of mongolia . <SEP> where in china
there are conflicting views of genghis khan in the people 's republic of china with some viewing him positively in the inner mongolia region where there are a monument and buildings about him and where there is a considerable number of mongols in the area with a population of around 5 million , almost twice the population of mongolia . <SEP> what
while genghis khan never conquered all of china , his grandson kublai khan completed that conquest and established the yuan dynasty that is often credited with re-uniting china . <SEP> which descendant of genghis khan
while genghis khan never conquered all of china , his grandson kublai khan completed that conquest and established the yuan dynasty that is often credited with re-uniting china . <SEP> what chinese dynasty
while genghis khan never conquered all of china , his grandson kublai khan completed that conquest and established the yuan dynasty that is often credited with re-uniting china . <SEP> what
in the middle east , and particularly in iran , genghis khan is almost universally condemned as a destructive and genocidal warlord who caused enormous damage and destruction to the population of these areas . <SEP> which middle eastern nation in particular views
steven r. ward wrote that " overall , the mongol violence and depredations killed up to three-fourths of the population of the iranian plateau , possibly 10 to 15 million people . <SEP> what proportion of the general population in the area than became iran
steven r. ward wrote that " overall , the mongol violence and depredations killed up to three-fourths of the population of the iranian plateau , possibly 10 to 15 million people . <SEP> how many people
his descendant hulagu khan destroyed much of iran 's northern part and sacked baghdad although his forces were halted by the mamluks of egypt , but hulagu 's descendant ghazan khan would return to beat the egyptian mamluks right out of levant , palestine and even gaza . <SEP> which descendant of genghis khan
his descendant hulagu khan destroyed much of iran 's northern part and sacked baghdad although his forces were halted by the mamluks of egypt , but hulagu 's descendant ghazan khan would return to beat the egyptian mamluks right out of levant , palestine and even gaza . <SEP> who
his descendant hulagu khan destroyed much of iran 's northern part and sacked baghdad although his forces were halted by the mamluks of egypt , but hulagu 's descendant ghazan khan would return to beat the egyptian mamluks right out of levant , palestine and even gaza . <SEP> which of genghis khan 's descendants
in 1237 batu khan , a grandson of genghis khan , launched an invasion into kievan rus ' . <SEP> in which year
over the course of three years , the mongols destroyed and annihilated all of the major cities of eastern europe with the exceptions of novgorod and pskov . <SEP> which major cities in eastern europe
although the famous mughal emperors were proud descendants of genghis khan and particularly timur , they clearly distanced themselves from the mongol atrocities committed against the khwarizim shahs , turks , persians , the citizens of baghdad and damascus , nishapur , bukhara and historical figures such as attar of nishapur and many other notable muslims . <SEP> which descendants of genghis khan
however , mughal emperors directly patronized the legacies of genghis khan and timur ; together their names were synonymous with the names of other distinguished personalities particularly among the muslim populations of south asia . <SEP> which mongol conqueror
although the famous mughal emperors were proud descendants of genghis khan and particularly timur , they clearly distanced themselves from the mongol atrocities committed against the khwarizim shahs , turks , persians , the citizens of baghdad and damascus , nishapur , bukhara and historical figures such as attar of nishapur and many other notable muslims . <SEP> where
one theory suggests the name stems from a palatalised version of the mongolian and turkic word tenggis , meaning " ocean " , " oceanic " or " wide-spreading " . <SEP> which mongolian word meaning wide-spreading
( lake baikal and ocean were called tenggis by the mongols . <SEP> which massive lake
zhèng ( chinese : 正 ) meaning " right " , " just " , or " true " , would have received the mongolian adjectival modifier -s , creating " jenggis " , which in medieval romanization would be written " genghis " . <SEP> what
zhèng ( chinese : 正 ) meaning " right " , " just " , or " true " , would have received the mongolian adjectival modifier -s , creating " jenggis " , which in medieval romanization would be written " genghis " . <SEP> of what word
it is likely that the 13th century mongolian pronunciation would have closely matched " chinggis " . <SEP> what spelling of genghis
genghis khan , the title is spelled in variety of ways in different languages such as mongolian chinggis khaan , english chinghiz , chinghis , and chingiz , chinese : 成吉思汗 ; pinyin : chéngjísī hán , turkic : cengiz han , çingiz xan , çingiz han , chingizxon , çıñğız xan , chengez khan , chinggis khan , chinggis xaan , chingis khan , jenghis khan , chinggis qan , djingis kahn , russian : чингисхан ( čingiskhan ) or чингиз-хан ( čingiz-khan ) , etc . temüjin is written in chinese as simplified chinese : 铁木真 ; traditional chinese : 鐵木眞 ; pinyin : tiěmùzhēn . <SEP> what
genghis khan , the title is spelled in variety of ways in different languages such as mongolian chinggis khaan , english chinghiz , chinghis , and chingiz , chinese : 成吉思汗 ; pinyin : chéngjísī hán , turkic : cengiz han , çingiz xan , çingiz han , chingizxon , çıñğız xan , chengez khan , chinggis khan , chinggis xaan , chingis khan , jenghis khan , chinggis qan , djingis kahn , russian : чингисхан ( čingiskhan ) or чингиз-хан ( čingiz-khan ) , etc . temüjin is written in chinese as simplified chinese : 铁木真 ; traditional chinese : 鐵木眞 ; pinyin : tiěmùzhēn . <SEP> how
genghis khan , the title is spelled in variety of ways in different languages such as mongolian chinggis khaan , english chinghiz , chinghis , and chingiz , chinese : 成吉思汗 ; pinyin : chéngjísī hán , turkic : cengiz han , çingiz xan , çingiz han , chingizxon , çıñğız xan , chengez khan , chinggis khan , chinggis xaan , chingis khan , jenghis khan , chinggis qan , djingis kahn , russian : чингисхан ( čingiskhan ) or чингиз-хан ( čingiz-khan ) , etc . temüjin is written in chinese as simplified chinese : 铁木真 ; traditional chinese : 鐵木眞 ; pinyin : tiěmùzhēn . <SEP> how
genghis khan , the title is spelled in variety of ways in different languages such as mongolian chinggis khaan , english chinghiz , chinghis , and chingiz , chinese : 成吉思汗 ; pinyin : chéngjísī hán , turkic : cengiz han , çingiz xan , çingiz han , chingizxon , çıñğız xan , chengez khan , chinggis khan , chinggis xaan , chingis khan , jenghis khan , chinggis qan , djingis kahn , russian : чингисхан ( čingiskhan ) or чингиз-хан ( čingiz-khan ) , etc . temüjin is written in chinese as simplified chinese : 铁木真 ; traditional chinese : 鐵木眞 ; pinyin : tiěmùzhēn . <SEP> what
genghis khan , the title is spelled in variety of ways in different languages such as mongolian chinggis khaan , english chinghiz , chinghis , and chingiz , chinese : 成吉思汗 ; pinyin : chéngjísī hán , turkic : cengiz han , çingiz xan , çingiz han , chingizxon , çıñğız xan , chengez khan , chinggis khan , chinggis xaan , chingis khan , jenghis khan , chinggis qan , djingis kahn , russian : чингисхан ( čingiskhan ) or чингиз-хан ( čingiz-khan ) , etc . temüjin is written in chinese as simplified chinese : 铁木真 ; traditional chinese : 鐵木眞 ; pinyin : tiěmùzhēn . <SEP> how
the word pharmacy is derived from its root word pharma which was a term used since the 15th–17th centuries . <SEP> what word
the pharma ( as it was referred to ) often operated through a retail shop which , in addition to ingredients for medicines , sold tobacco and patent medicines . <SEP> what
however , the original greek roots from pharmakos imply sorcery or even poison . <SEP> what
often the place that did this was called an apothecary and several languages have this as the dominant term , though their practices are more akin to a modern pharmacy , in english the term apothecary would today be seen as outdated or only approproriate if herbal remedies were on offer to a large extent . <SEP> how
the pharmas also used many other herbs not listed . <SEP> what else
pharmacists are healthcare professionals with specialised education and training who perform various roles to ensure optimal health outcomes for their patients through the quality use of medicines . <SEP> what type of professionals
pharmacists are healthcare professionals with specialised education and training who perform various roles to ensure optimal health outcomes for their patients through the quality use of medicines . <SEP> what types of health outcomes
since pharmacists know about the mode of action of a particular drug , and its metabolism and physiological effects on the human body in great detail , they play an important role in optimisation of a drug treatment for an individual . <SEP> what type of treatment
pharmacists may also be small-business proprietors , owning the pharmacy in which they practice . <SEP> what other role
pharmacists are healthcare professionals with specialised education and training who perform various roles to ensure optimal health outcomes for their patients through the quality use of medicines . <SEP> what types of preparation
a pharmacy technician in the uk is considered a health care professional and often does not work under the direct supervision of a pharmacist ( if employed in a hospital pharmacy ) but instead is supervised and managed by other senior pharmacy technicians . <SEP> who
a pharmacy technician once qualified has to register as a professional on the general pharmaceutical council ( gphc ) register . <SEP> what body
the gphc is the governing body for pharmacy health care professionals and this is who regulates the practice of pharmacists and pharmacy technicians . <SEP> what
a pharmacy technician in the uk is considered a health care professional and often does not work under the direct supervision of a pharmacist ( if employed in a hospital pharmacy ) but instead is supervised and managed by other senior pharmacy technicians . <SEP> what type of professional
in the uk the role of a pht has grown and responsibility has been passed on to them to manage the pharmacy department and specialised areas in pharmacy practice allowing pharmacists the time to specialise in their expert field as medication consultants spending more time working with patients and in research . <SEP> what types of responsibilities
the greek physician pedanius dioscorides is famous for writing a five volume book in his native greek περί ύλης ιατρικής in the 1st century ad . <SEP> what
the latin translation de materia medica ( concerning medical substances ) was used a basis for many medieval texts , and was built upon by many middle eastern scientists during the islamic golden age . <SEP> what
the title coined the term materia medica . <SEP> what term
in ancient greece , diocles of carystus ( 4th century bc ) was one of several men studying the medicinal properties of plants . <SEP> who
the latin translation de materia medica ( concerning medical substances ) was used a basis for many medieval texts , and was built upon by many middle eastern scientists during the islamic golden age . <SEP> who
in japan , at the end of the asuka period ( 538–710 ) and the early nara period ( 710–794 ) , the men who fulfilled roles similar to those of modern pharmacists were highly respected . <SEP> how
the place of pharmacists in society was expressly defined in the taihō code ( 701 ) and re-stated in the yōrō code ( 718 ) . <SEP> in which two codes
ranked positions in the pre-heian imperial court were established ; and this organizational structure remained largely intact until the meiji restoration ( 1868 ) . <SEP> what
in this highly stable hierarchy , the pharmacists—and even pharmacist assistants—were assigned status superior to all others in health-related fields such as physicians and acupuncturists . <SEP> what stature
in the imperial household , the pharmacist was even ranked above the two personal physicians of the emperor . <SEP> where
the advances made in the middle east in botany and chemistry led medicine in medieval islam substantially to develop pharmacology . <SEP> in which
muhammad ibn zakarīya rāzi ( rhazes ) ( 865–915 ) , for instance , acted to promote the medical uses of chemical compounds . <SEP> who
he made clear distinction between sodium carbonate and potassium carbonate , and drew attention to the poisonous nature of copper compounds , especially copper vitriol , and also lead compounds . <SEP> which two compounds
in europe there are old pharmacies still operating in dubrovnik , croatia , located inside the franciscan monastery , opened in 1317 ; and in the town hall square of tallinn , estonia , dating from at least 1422 . <SEP> how far
the oldest is claimed to have been set up in 1221 in the church of santa maria novella in florence , italy , which now houses a perfume museum . <SEP> where
the medieval esteve pharmacy , located in llívia , a catalan enclave close to puigcerdà , also now a museum , dates back to the 15th century , keeping albarellos from the 16th and 17th centuries , old prescription books and antique drugs . <SEP> what
the medieval esteve pharmacy , located in llívia , a catalan enclave close to puigcerdà , also now a museum , dates back to the 15th century , keeping albarellos from the 16th and 17th centuries , old prescription books and antique drugs . <SEP> what sorts of items
the oldest is claimed to have been set up in 1221 in the church of santa maria novella in florence , italy , which now houses a perfume museum . <SEP> in what year
in most countries , the dispensary is subject to pharmacy legislation ; with requirements for storage conditions , compulsory texts , equipment , etc. , specified in legislation . <SEP> what
where it was once the case that pharmacists stayed within the dispensary compounding/dispensing medications , there has been an increasing trend towards the use of trained pharmacy technicians while the pharmacist spends more time communicating with patients . <SEP> what responsibilities
pharmacy technicians are now more dependent upon automation to assist them in their new role dealing with patients ' prescriptions and patient safety issues . <SEP> what
pharmacy technicians are now more dependent upon automation to assist them in their new role dealing with patients ' prescriptions and patient safety issues . <SEP> what
in most countries , the dispensary is subject to pharmacy legislation ; with requirements for storage conditions , compulsory texts , equipment , etc. , specified in legislation . <SEP> what
because of the complexity of medications including specific indications , effectiveness of treatment regimens , safety of medications ( i.e. , drug interactions ) and patient compliance issues ( in the hospital and at home ) many pharmacists practicing in hospitals gain more education and training after pharmacy school through a pharmacy practice residency and sometimes followed by another residency in a specific area . <SEP> where
those pharmacists are often referred to as clinical pharmacists and they often specialize in various disciplines of pharmacy . <SEP> what
because of the complexity of medications including specific indications , effectiveness of treatment regimens , safety of medications ( i.e. , drug interactions ) and patient compliance issues ( in the hospital and at home ) many pharmacists practicing in hospitals gain more education and training after pharmacy school through a pharmacy practice residency and sometimes followed by another residency in a specific area . <SEP> what
because of the complexity of medications including specific indications , effectiveness of treatment regimens , safety of medications ( i.e. , drug interactions ) and patient compliance issues ( in the hospital and at home ) many pharmacists practicing in hospitals gain more education and training after pharmacy school through a pharmacy practice residency and sometimes followed by another residency in a specific area . <SEP> which pharmacists
hospital pharmacies can often be found within the premises of the hospital . <SEP> where
most hospital medications are unit-dose , or a single dose of medicine . <SEP> in what
several hospital pharmacies have decided to outsource high risk preparations and some other compounding functions to companies who specialize in compounding . <SEP> what types of pharmacy functions
the high cost of medications and drug-related technology , combined with the potential impact of medications and pharmacy services on patient-care outcomes and patient safety , make it imperative that hospital pharmacies perform at the highest level possible . <SEP> what
hospital pharmacies usually stock a larger range of medications , including more specialized medications , than would be feasible in the community setting . <SEP> what
pharmacists provide direct patient care services that optimizes the use of medication and promotes health , wellness , and disease prevention . <SEP> what
clinical pharmacists care for patients in all health care settings , but the clinical pharmacy movement initially began inside hospitals and clinics . <SEP> what
clinical pharmacists often collaborate with physicians and other healthcare professionals to improve pharmaceutical care . <SEP> who
they often participate in patient care rounds drug product selection . <SEP> what
clinical pharmacists care for patients in all health care settings , but the clinical pharmacy movement initially began inside hospitals and clinics . <SEP> where
the clinical pharmacist 's role involves creating a comprehensive drug therapy plan for patient-specific problems , identifying goals of therapy , and reviewing all prescribed medications prior to dispensing and administration to the patient . <SEP> what
the review process often involves an evaluation of the appropriateness of the drug therapy ( e.g. , drug choice , dose , route , frequency , and duration of therapy ) and its efficacy . <SEP> what
the review process often involves an evaluation of the appropriateness of the drug therapy ( e.g. , drug choice , dose , route , frequency , and duration of therapy ) and its efficacy . <SEP> what
the pharmacist must also monitor for potential drug interactions , adverse drug reactions , and assess patient drug allergies while designing and initiating a drug therapy plan . <SEP> what
in the u.s. federal health care system ( including the va , the indian health service , and nih ) ambulatory care pharmacists are given full independent prescribing authority . <SEP> what type of authority
in some states such north carolina and new mexico these pharmacist clinicians are given collaborative prescriptive and diagnostic authority . <SEP> in what states
in 2011 the board of pharmaceutical specialties approved ambulatory care pharmacy practice as a separate board certification . <SEP> when
the official designation for pharmacists who pass the ambulatory care pharmacy specialty certification exam will be board certified ambulatory care pharmacist and these pharmacists will carry the initials bcacp . <SEP> what
in the u.s. federal health care system ( including the va , the indian health service , and nih ) ambulatory care pharmacists are given full independent prescribing authority . <SEP> what entities
consultant pharmacy practice focuses more on medication regimen review ( i.e . " cognitive services " ) than on actual dispensing of drugs . <SEP> what
consultant pharmacists most typically work in nursing homes , but are increasingly branching into other institutions and non-institutional settings . <SEP> where
traditionally consultant pharmacists were usually independent business owners , though in the united states many now work for several large pharmacy management companies ( primarily omnicare , kindred healthcare and pharmerica ) . <SEP> what
this trend may be gradually reversing as consultant pharmacists begin to work directly with patients , primarily because many elderly people are now taking numerous medications but continue to live outside of institutional settings . <SEP> what
some community pharmacies employ consultant pharmacists and/or provide consulting services . <SEP> what
since about the year 2000 , a growing number of internet pharmacies have been established worldwide . <SEP> when
many of these pharmacies are similar to community pharmacies , and in fact , many of them are actually operated by brick-and-mortar community pharmacies that serve consumers online and those that walk in their door . <SEP> who
internet pharmacies ( also known as online pharmacies ) are also recommended to some patients by their physicians if they are homebound . <SEP> what
some customers consider this to be more convenient and private method rather than traveling to a community drugstore where another customer might overhear about the drugs that they take . <SEP> what
the primary difference is the method by which the medications are requested and received . <SEP> what
many customers order drugs from such pharmacies to avoid the " inconvenience " of visiting a doctor or to obtain medications which their doctors were unwilling to prescribe . <SEP> why
however , this practice has been criticized as potentially dangerous , especially by those who feel that only doctors can reliably assess contraindications , risk/benefit ratios , and an individual 's overall suitability for use of a medication . <SEP> who
there also have been reports of such pharmacies dispensing substandard products . <SEP> what
while most internet pharmacies sell prescription drugs and require a valid prescription , some internet pharmacies sell prescription drugs without requiring a prescription . <SEP> what practice
while most internet pharmacies sell prescription drugs and require a valid prescription , some internet pharmacies sell prescription drugs without requiring a prescription . <SEP> what
of particular concern with internet pharmacies is the ease with which people , youth in particular , can obtain controlled substances ( e.g. , vicodin , generically known as hydrocodone ) via the internet without a prescription issued by a doctor/practitioner who has an established doctor-patient relationship . <SEP> what
[ citation needed ] in the united states , in order for a prescription for a controlled substance to be valid , it must be issued for a legitimate medical purpose by a licensed practitioner acting in the course of legitimate doctor-patient relationship . <SEP> what
of particular concern with internet pharmacies is the ease with which people , youth in particular , can obtain controlled substances ( e.g. , vicodin , generically known as hydrocodone ) via the internet without a prescription issued by a doctor/practitioner who has an established doctor-patient relationship . <SEP> what
[ citation needed ] in the united states , in order for a prescription for a controlled substance to be valid , it must be issued for a legitimate medical purpose by a licensed practitioner acting in the course of legitimate doctor-patient relationship . <SEP> what
the filling pharmacy has a corresponding responsibility to ensure that the prescription is valid . <SEP> what
often , individual state laws outline what defines a valid patient-doctor relationship . <SEP> who
of particular concern with internet pharmacies is the ease with which people , youth in particular , can obtain controlled substances ( e.g. , vicodin , generically known as hydrocodone ) via the internet without a prescription issued by a doctor/practitioner who has an established doctor-patient relationship . <SEP> what
in the united states , there has been a push to legalize importation of medications from canada and other countries , in order to reduce consumer costs . <SEP> what
in the united states , there has been a push to legalize importation of medications from canada and other countries , in order to reduce consumer costs . <SEP> what
while in most cases importation of prescription medications violates food and drug administration ( fda ) regulations and federal laws , enforcement is generally targeted at international drug suppliers , rather than consumers . <SEP> who
in the united states , there has been a push to legalize importation of medications from canada and other countries , in order to reduce consumer costs . <SEP> what
pharmacy informatics is the combination of pharmacy practice science and applied information science . <SEP> what two things
pharmacy informaticists work in many practice areas of pharmacy , however , they may also work in information technology departments or for healthcare information technology vendor companies . <SEP> what
as a practice area and specialist domain , pharmacy informatics is growing quickly to meet the needs of major national and international patient information projects and health system interoperability goals . <SEP> whose needs
as a practice area and specialist domain , pharmacy informatics is growing quickly to meet the needs of major national and international patient information projects and health system interoperability goals . <SEP> how fast
it is currently the fastest growing sector of the pharmaceutical industry with 19 of 28 newly fda approved medications in 2013 being specialty drugs . <SEP> how many
specialty pharmacies supply high cost injectable , oral , infused , or inhaled medications that are used for chronic and complex disease states such as cancer , hepatitis , and rheumatoid arthritis . <SEP> what types of diseases
unlike a traditional community pharmacy where prescriptions for any common medication can be brought in and filled , specialty pharmacies carry novel medications that need to be properly stored , administered , carefully monitored , and clinically managed . <SEP> what types of medications
in addition to supplying these drugs , specialty pharmacies also provide lab monitoring , adherence counseling , and assist patients with cost-containment strategies needed to obtain their expensive specialty drugs . <SEP> what else
in most jurisdictions ( such as the united states ) , pharmacists are regulated separately from physicians . <SEP> how
these jurisdictions also usually specify that only pharmacists may supply scheduled pharmaceuticals to the public , and that pharmacists can not form business partnerships with physicians or give them " kickback " payments . <SEP> who
however , the american medical association ( ama ) code of ethics provides that physicians may dispense drugs within their office practices as long as there is no patient exploitation and patients have the right to a written prescription that can be filled elsewhere . <SEP> what body
7 to 10 percent of american physicians practices reportedly dispense drugs on their own . <SEP> what
these jurisdictions also usually specify that only pharmacists may supply scheduled pharmaceuticals to the public , and that pharmacists can not form business partnerships with physicians or give them " kickback " payments . <SEP> what
this law also exists in austria for general physicians if the nearest pharmacy is more than 4 kilometers away , or where none is registered in the city . <SEP> what
in some rural areas in the united kingdom , there are dispensing physicians who are allowed to both prescribe and dispense prescription-only medicines to their patients from within their practices . <SEP> where
the law requires that the gp practice be located in a designated rural area and that there is also a specified , minimum distance ( currently 1.6 kilometres ) between a patient 's home and the nearest retail pharmacy . <SEP> what
this law also exists in austria for general physicians if the nearest pharmacy is more than 4 kilometers away , or where none is registered in the city . <SEP> what
the reason for the majority rule is the high risk of a conflict of interest and/or the avoidance of absolute powers . <SEP> why
otherwise , the physician has a financial self-interest in " diagnosing " as many conditions as possible , and in exaggerating their seriousness , because he or she can then sell more medications to the patient . <SEP> why
otherwise , the physician has a financial self-interest in " diagnosing " as many conditions as possible , and in exaggerating their seriousness , because he or she can then sell more medications to the patient . <SEP> how else
such self-interest directly conflicts with the patient 's interest in obtaining cost-effective medication and avoiding the unnecessary use of medication that may have side-effects . <SEP> where
in the coming decades , pharmacists are expected to become more integral within the health care system . <SEP> what
rather than simply dispensing medication , pharmacists are increasingly expected to be compensated for their patient care skills . <SEP> what responsibilities
in particular , medication therapy management ( mtm ) includes the clinical services that pharmacists can provide for their patients . <SEP> what
such services include the thorough analysis of all medication ( prescription , non-prescription , and herbals ) currently being taken by an individual . <SEP> what
the result is a reconciliation of medication and patient education resulting in increased patient health outcomes and decreased costs to the health care system . <SEP> what
in canada , pharmacists in certain provinces have limited prescribing rights ( as in alberta and british columbia ) or are remunerated by their provincial government for expanded services such as medications reviews ( medschecks in ontario ) . <SEP> which
this shift has already commenced in some countries ; for instance , pharmacists in australia receive remuneration from the australian government for conducting comprehensive home medicines reviews . <SEP> who
they are also being paid for by the government for medicine use reviews . <SEP> what
in the united states , pharmaceutical care or clinical pharmacy has had an evolving influence on the practice of pharmacy . <SEP> what fields
moreover , the doctor of pharmacy ( pharm . d. ) degree is now required before entering practice and some pharmacists now complete one or two years of residency or fellowship training following graduation . <SEP> what degree
the two symbols most commonly associated with pharmacy in english-speaking countries are the mortar and pestle and the ℞ ( recipere ) character , which is often written as " rx " in typed text . <SEP> what
the show globe was also used until the early 20th century . <SEP> what symbol
pharmacy organizations often use other symbols , such as the bowl of hygieia which is often used in the netherlands , conical measures , and caduceuses in their logos . <SEP> what country
other symbols are common in different countries : the green greek cross in france , argentina , the united kingdom , belgium , ireland , italy , spain , and india , the increasingly rare gaper in the netherlands , and a red stylized letter a in germany and austria ( from apotheke , the german word for pharmacy , from the same greek root as the english word 'apothecary ' ) . <SEP> what countries
other symbols are common in different countries : the green greek cross in france , argentina , the united kingdom , belgium , ireland , italy , spain , and india , the increasingly rare gaper in the netherlands , and a red stylized letter a in germany and austria ( from apotheke , the german word for pharmacy , from the same greek root as the english word 'apothecary ' ) . <SEP> which countries
the immune system is a system of many biological structures and processes within an organism that protects against disease . <SEP> what
to function properly , an immune system must detect a wide variety of agents , known as pathogens , from viruses to parasitic worms , and distinguish them from the organism 's own healthy tissue . <SEP> what
in many species , the immune system can be classified into subsystems , such as the innate immune system versus the adaptive immune system , or humoral immunity versus cell-mediated immunity . <SEP> what
in humans , the blood–brain barrier , blood–cerebrospinal fluid barrier , and similar fluid–brain barriers separate the peripheral immune system from the neuroimmune system which protects the brain . <SEP> what
the immune system is a system of many biological structures and processes within an organism that protects against disease . <SEP> what
to function properly , an immune system must detect a wide variety of agents , known as pathogens , from viruses to parasitic worms , and distinguish them from the organism 's own healthy tissue . <SEP> what
in many species , the immune system can be classified into subsystems , such as the innate immune system versus the adaptive immune system , or humoral immunity versus cell-mediated immunity . <SEP> what
to function properly , an immune system must detect a wide variety of agents , known as pathogens , from viruses to parasitic worms , and distinguish them from the organism 's own healthy tissue . <SEP> what
in humans , the blood–brain barrier , blood–cerebrospinal fluid barrier , and similar fluid–brain barriers separate the peripheral immune system from the neuroimmune system which protects the brain . <SEP> which part of the immune system
in humans , the blood–brain barrier , blood–cerebrospinal fluid barrier , and similar fluid–brain barriers separate the peripheral immune system from the neuroimmune system which protects the brain . <SEP> what
to function properly , an immune system must detect a wide variety of agents , known as pathogens , from viruses to parasitic worms , and distinguish them from the organism 's own healthy tissue . <SEP> what
in many species , the immune system can be classified into subsystems , such as the innate immune system versus the adaptive immune system , or humoral immunity versus cell-mediated immunity . <SEP> what
in many species , the immune system can be classified into subsystems , such as the innate immune system versus the adaptive immune system , or humoral immunity versus cell-mediated immunity . <SEP> what
in humans , the blood–brain barrier , blood–cerebrospinal fluid barrier , and similar fluid–brain barriers separate the peripheral immune system from the neuroimmune system which protects the brain . <SEP> what
pathogens can rapidly evolve and adapt , and thereby avoid detection and neutralization by the immune system ; however , multiple defense mechanisms have also evolved to recognize and neutralize pathogens . <SEP> how
even simple unicellular organisms such as bacteria possess a rudimentary immune system , in the form of enzymes that protect against bacteriophage infections . <SEP> what kind of immune system
other basic immune mechanisms evolved in ancient eukaryotes and remain in their modern descendants , such as plants and invertebrates . <SEP> which other ancient organism
adaptive ( or acquired ) immunity creates immunological memory after an initial response to a specific pathogen , leading to an enhanced response to subsequent encounters with that same pathogen . <SEP> how
even simple unicellular organisms such as bacteria possess a rudimentary immune system , in the form of enzymes that protect against bacteriophage infections . <SEP> that
these mechanisms include phagocytosis , antimicrobial peptides called defensins , and the complement system . <SEP> what
this process of acquired immunity is the basis of vaccination . <SEP> of what medical treatment
adaptive ( or acquired ) immunity creates immunological memory after an initial response to a specific pathogen , leading to an enhanced response to subsequent encounters with that same pathogen . <SEP> what
disorders of the immune system can result in autoimmune diseases , inflammatory diseases and cancer . <SEP> what
immunodeficiency occurs when the immune system is less active than normal , resulting in recurring and life-threatening infections . <SEP> when
immunodeficiency occurs when the immune system is less active than normal , resulting in recurring and life-threatening infections . <SEP> what
immunodeficiency occurs when the immune system is less active than normal , resulting in recurring and life-threatening infections . <SEP> what
in contrast , autoimmunity results from a hyperactive immune system attacking normal tissues as if they were foreign organisms . <SEP> what
immunology covers the study of all aspects of the immune system . <SEP> what field
in humans , immunodeficiency can either be the result of a genetic disease such as severe combined immunodeficiency , acquired conditions such as hiv/aids , or the use of immunosuppressive medication . <SEP> what
the earliest known reference to immunity was during the plague of athens in 430 bc . <SEP> what even
in the 18th century , pierre-louis moreau de maupertuis made experiments with scorpion venom and observed that certain dogs and mice were immune to this venom . <SEP> which animal 's venom
this and other observations of acquired immunity were later exploited by louis pasteur in his development of vaccination and his proposed germ theory of disease . <SEP> who
viruses were confirmed as human pathogens in 1901 , with the discovery of the yellow fever virus by walter reed . <SEP> who
it was not until robert koch 's 1891 proofs , for which he was awarded a nobel prize in 1905 , that microorganisms were confirmed as the cause of infectious disease . <SEP> who
it was not until robert koch 's 1891 proofs , for which he was awarded a nobel prize in 1905 , that microorganisms were confirmed as the cause of infectious disease . <SEP> what
viruses were confirmed as human pathogens in 1901 , with the discovery of the yellow fever virus by walter reed . <SEP> what virus
the earliest known reference to immunity was during the plague of athens in 430 bc . <SEP> when
this improved response is then retained after the pathogen has been eliminated , in the form of an immunological memory , and allows the adaptive immune system to mount faster and stronger attacks each time this pathogen is encountered . <SEP> what
if a pathogen breaches these barriers , the innate immune system provides an immediate , but non-specific response . <SEP> which system
if pathogens successfully evade the innate response , vertebrates possess a second layer of protection , the adaptive immune system , which is activated by the innate response . <SEP> what protection
innate immune systems are found in all plants and animals . <SEP> what type of immune systems
if pathogens successfully evade the innate response , vertebrates possess a second layer of protection , the adaptive immune system , which is activated by the innate response . <SEP> what immune system
this improved response is then retained after the pathogen has been eliminated , in the form of an immunological memory , and allows the adaptive immune system to mount faster and stronger attacks each time this pathogen is encountered . <SEP> what
in simple terms , physical barriers prevent pathogens such as bacteria and viruses from entering the organism . <SEP> what
in immunology , self molecules are those components of an organism 's body that can be distinguished from foreign substances by the immune system . <SEP> what molecules
conversely , non-self molecules are those recognized as foreign molecules . <SEP> what molecules
one class of non-self molecules are called antigens ( short for antibody generators ) and are defined as substances that bind to specific immune receptors and elicit an immune response . <SEP> what term
the innate response is usually triggered when microbes are identified by pattern recognition receptors , which recognize components that are conserved among broad groups of microorganisms , or when damaged , injured or stressed cells send out alarm signals , many of which ( but not all ) are recognized by the same receptors as those that recognize pathogens . <SEP> what part of the innate immune system
the innate immune system is the dominant system of host defense in most organisms . <SEP> what
innate immune defenses are non-specific , meaning these systems respond to pathogens in a generic way . <SEP> what
the waxy cuticle of many leaves , the exoskeleton of insects , the shells and membranes of externally deposited eggs , and skin are examples of mechanical barriers that are the first line of defense against infection . <SEP> what
the waxy cuticle of many leaves , the exoskeleton of insects , the shells and membranes of externally deposited eggs , and skin are examples of mechanical barriers that are the first line of defense against infection . <SEP> what
in the lungs , coughing and sneezing mechanically eject pathogens and other irritants from the respiratory tract . <SEP> what responses
the flushing action of tears and urine also mechanically expels pathogens , while mucus secreted by the respiratory and gastrointestinal tract serves to trap and entangle microorganisms . <SEP> what
the flushing action of tears and urine also mechanically expels pathogens , while mucus secreted by the respiratory and gastrointestinal tract serves to trap and entangle microorganisms . <SEP> what
the skin and respiratory tract secrete antimicrobial peptides such as the β-defensins . <SEP> what
enzymes such as lysozyme and phospholipase a2 in saliva , tears , and breast milk are also antibacterials . <SEP> what enzymes in saliva
vaginal secretions serve as a chemical barrier following menarche , when they become slightly acidic , while semen contains defensins and zinc to kill pathogens . <SEP> what
in the stomach , gastric acid and proteases serve as powerful chemical defenses against ingested pathogens . <SEP> what compounds in the stomach
within the genitourinary and gastrointestinal tracts , commensal flora serve as biological barriers by competing with pathogenic bacteria for food and space and , in some cases , by changing the conditions in their environment , such as ph or available iron . <SEP> what
there is good evidence that re-introduction of probiotic flora , such as pure cultures of the lactobacilli normally found in unpasteurized yogurt , helps restore a healthy balance of microbial populations in intestinal infections in children and encouraging preliminary data in studies on bacterial gastroenteritis , inflammatory bowel diseases , urinary tract infection and post-surgical infections . <SEP> what probiotic flora
inflammation is one of the first responses of the immune system to infection . <SEP> what
the symptoms of inflammation are redness , swelling , heat , and pain , which are caused by increased blood flow into tissue . <SEP> what
inflammation is produced by eicosanoids and cytokines , which are released by injured or infected cells . <SEP> what
eicosanoids include prostaglandins that produce fever and the dilation of blood vessels associated with inflammation , and leukotrienes that attract certain white blood cells ( leukocytes ) . <SEP> that
common cytokines include interleukins that are responsible for communication between white blood cells ; chemokines that promote chemotaxis ; and interferons that have anti-viral effects , such as shutting down protein synthesis in the host cell . <SEP> what
phagocytosis is an important feature of cellular innate immunity performed by cells called 'phagocytes ' that engulf , or eat , pathogens or particles . <SEP> what type of cells
once a pathogen has been engulfed by a phagocyte , it becomes trapped in an intracellular vesicle called a phagosome , which subsequently fuses with another vesicle called a lysosome to form a phagolysosome . <SEP> when
the pathogen is killed by the activity of digestive enzymes or following a respiratory burst that releases free radicals into the phagolysosome . <SEP> what
neutrophils and macrophages are phagocytes that travel throughout the body in pursuit of invading pathogens . <SEP> what
neutrophils are normally found in the bloodstream and are the most abundant type of phagocyte , normally representing 50 % to 60 % of the total circulating leukocytes . <SEP> what
neutrophils are normally found in the bloodstream and are the most abundant type of phagocyte , normally representing 50 % to 60 % of the total circulating leukocytes . <SEP> what percentage of leukocytes
during the acute phase of inflammation , particularly as a result of bacterial infection , neutrophils migrate toward the site of inflammation in a process called chemotaxis , and are usually the first cells to arrive at the scene of infection . <SEP> what
macrophages are versatile cells that reside within tissues and produce a wide array of chemicals including enzymes , complement proteins , and regulatory factors such as interleukin 1 . <SEP> what
leukocytes ( white blood cells ) act like independent , single-celled organisms and are the second arm of the innate immune system . <SEP> what
leukocytes ( white blood cells ) act like independent , single-celled organisms and are the second arm of the innate immune system . <SEP> what cells
the innate leukocytes include the phagocytes ( macrophages , neutrophils , and dendritic cells ) , mast cells , eosinophils , basophils , and natural killer cells . <SEP> what
dendritic cells ( dc ) are phagocytes in tissues that are in contact with the external environment ; therefore , they are located mainly in the skin , nose , lungs , stomach , and intestines . <SEP> what
dendritic cells serve as a link between the bodily tissues and the innate and adaptive immune systems , as they present antigens to t cells , one of the key cell types of the adaptive immune system . <SEP> what
rather , nk cells destroy compromised host cells , such as tumor cells or virus-infected cells , recognizing such cells by a condition known as " missing self . " <SEP> that
natural killer cells , or nk cells , are a component of the innate immune system which does not directly attack invading microbes . <SEP> what
this term describes cells with low levels of a cell-surface marker called mhc i ( major histocompatibility complex ) – a situation that can arise in viral infections of host cells . <SEP> that
the adaptive immune system evolved in early vertebrates and allows for a stronger immune response as well as immunological memory , where each pathogen is " remembered " by a signature antigen . <SEP> in what types of organisms
the adaptive immune response is antigen-specific and requires the recognition of specific " non-self " antigens during a process called antigen presentation . <SEP> what
antigen specificity allows for the generation of responses that are tailored to specific pathogens or pathogen-infected cells . <SEP> that
there are two major subtypes of t cells : the killer t cell and the helper t cell . <SEP> what
in addition there are regulatory t cells which have a role in modulating immune response . <SEP> what kind of t cells
a third , minor subtype are the γδ t cells that recognize intact antigens that are not bound to mhc receptors . <SEP> what class of t cells
killer t cells are a sub-group of t cells that kill cells that are infected with viruses ( and other pathogens ) , or are otherwise damaged or dysfunctional . <SEP> what kind of t cells
recognition of this mhc : antigen complex is aided by a co-receptor on the t cell , called cd8 . <SEP> what co-receptor on the t cell
killer t cells are activated when their t cell receptor ( tcr ) binds to this specific antigen in a complex with the mhc class i receptor of another cell . <SEP> what
the entry of another toxin called granulysin ( a protease ) induces the target cell to undergo apoptosis . <SEP> what toxin
when an activated t cell contacts such cells , it releases cytotoxins , such as perforin , which form pores in the target cell 's plasma membrane , allowing ions , water and toxins to enter . <SEP> when
the mhc : antigen complex is also recognized by the helper cell 's cd4 co-receptor , which recruits molecules inside the t cell ( e.g. , lck ) that are responsible for the t cell 's activation . <SEP> what co-receptor
helper t cells have a weaker association with the mhc : antigen complex than observed for killer t cells , meaning many receptors ( around 200–300 ) on the helper t cell must be bound by an mhc : antigen in order to activate the helper cell , while killer t cells can be activated by engagement of a single mhc : antigen molecule . <SEP> how many receptors on a helper t cell
helper t cells have a weaker association with the mhc : antigen complex than observed for killer t cells , meaning many receptors ( around 200–300 ) on the helper t cell must be bound by an mhc : antigen in order to activate the helper cell , while killer t cells can be activated by engagement of a single mhc : antigen molecule . <SEP> how many
the activation of a resting helper t cell causes it to release cytokines that influence the activity of many cell types . <SEP> what chemicals
in addition , helper t cell activation causes an upregulation of molecules expressed on the t cell 's surface , such as cd40 ligand ( also called cd154 ) , which provide extra stimulatory signals typically required to activate antibody-producing b cells . <SEP> what
gamma delta t cells ( γδ t cells ) possess an alternative t cell receptor ( tcr ) as opposed to cd4+ and cd8+ ( αβ ) t cells and share the characteristics of helper t cells , cytotoxic t cells and nk cells . <SEP> of what receptor
like other 'unconventional ' t cell subsets bearing invariant tcrs , such as cd1d-restricted natural killer t cells , γδ t cells straddle the border between innate and adaptive immunity . <SEP> what type of t cells
for example , large numbers of human vγ9/vδ2 t cells respond within hours to common molecules produced by microbes , and highly restricted vδ1+ t cells in epithelia respond to stressed epithelial cells . <SEP> what kind of human t cells
a b cell identifies pathogens when antibodies on its surface bind to a specific foreign antigen . <SEP> what kind of cell
this antigen/antibody complex is taken up by the b cell and processed by proteolysis into peptides . <SEP> what
this combination of mhc and antigen attracts a matching helper t cell , which releases lymphokines and activates the b cell . <SEP> what
when b cells and t cells are activated and begin to replicate , some of their offspring become long-lived memory cells . <SEP> when
this is " adaptive " because it occurs during the lifetime of an individual as an adaptation to infection with that pathogen and prepares the immune system for future challenges . <SEP> the function of long-lived memory cells
during pregnancy , a particular type of antibody , called igg , is transported from mother to baby directly across the placenta , so human babies have high levels of antibodies even at birth , with the same range of antigen specificities as their mother . <SEP> what antibody
breast milk or colostrum also contains antibodies that are transferred to the gut of the infant and protect against bacterial infections until the newborn can synthesize its own antibodies . <SEP> what
for example , female sex hormones are known immunostimulators of both adaptive and innate immune responses . <SEP> of which immune responses
some autoimmune diseases such as lupus erythematosus strike women preferentially , and their onset often coincides with puberty . <SEP> what
by contrast , male sex hormones such as testosterone seem to be immunosuppressive . <SEP> what
additionally , proteins such as nfil3 , which have been shown to be closely intertwined with both t-cell differentiation and our circadian rhythms , can be affected through the disturbance of natural light and dark cycles through instances of sleep deprivation , shift work , etc . as a result , these disruptions can lead to an increase in chronic conditions such as heart disease , chronic pain , and asthma . <SEP> what
additionally , proteins such as nfil3 , which have been shown to be closely intertwined with both t-cell differentiation and our circadian rhythms , can be affected through the disturbance of natural light and dark cycles through instances of sleep deprivation , shift work , etc . as a result , these disruptions can lead to an increase in chronic conditions such as heart disease , chronic pain , and asthma . <SEP> what chronic conditions
when suffering from sleep deprivation , active immunizations may have a diminished effect and may result in lower antibody production , and a lower immune response , than would be noted in a well-rested individual . <SEP> what kind of deprivation
it is conjectured that a progressive decline in hormone levels with age is partially responsible for weakened immune responses in aging individuals . <SEP> what
second , as a person ages the skin becomes less adept at producing vitamin d . <SEP> what
conversely , some hormones are regulated by the immune system , notably thyroid hormone activity . <SEP> what
the main response of the immune system to tumors is to destroy the abnormal cells using killer t cells , sometimes with the assistance of helper t cells . <SEP> what type of immune cells
sometimes antibodies are generated against tumor cells allowing for their destruction by the complement system . <SEP> what molecules
when a part of a plant becomes infected , the plant produces a localized hypersensitive response , whereby cells at the site of infection undergo rapid apoptosis to prevent the spread of the disease to other parts of the plant . <SEP> what
systemic acquired resistance ( sar ) is a type of defensive response used by plants that renders the entire plant resistant to a particular infectious agent . <SEP> what
rna silencing mechanisms are particularly important in this systemic response as they can block virus replication . <SEP> what
overactive immune responses comprise the other end of immune dysfunction , particularly the autoimmune disorders . <SEP> what kind of disorders
one of the functions of specialized cells ( located in the thymus and bone marrow ) is to present young lymphocytes with self antigens produced throughout the body and to eliminate those cells that recognize self-antigens , preventing autoimmunity . <SEP> where
immunodeficiencies occur when one or more of the components of the immune system are inactive . <SEP> what kind of disorders
the ability of the immune system to respond to pathogens is diminished in both the young and the elderly , with immune responses beginning to decline at around 50 years of age due to immunosenescence . <SEP> in what
the ability of the immune system to respond to pathogens is diminished in both the young and the elderly , with immune responses beginning to decline at around 50 years of age due to immunosenescence . <SEP> at what age
in developed countries , obesity , alcoholism , and drug use are common causes of poor immune function . <SEP> what
however , malnutrition is the most common cause of immunodeficiency in developing countries . <SEP> what
active immunity can also be generated artificially , through vaccination . <SEP> by what process
the principle behind vaccination ( also called immunization ) is to introduce an antigen from a pathogen in order to stimulate the immune system and develop specific immunity against that particular pathogen without causing disease associated with that organism . <SEP> what
the principle behind vaccination ( also called immunization ) is to introduce an antigen from a pathogen in order to stimulate the immune system and develop specific immunity against that particular pathogen without causing disease associated with that organism . <SEP> what
bacteria often overcome physical barriers by secreting enzymes that digest the barrier , for example , by using a type ii secretion system . <SEP> what kind of proteins
alternatively , using a type iii secretion system , they may insert a hollow tube into the host cell , providing a direct route for proteins to move from the pathogen to the host . <SEP> what kind of system of infection
in the mid-1950s , frank burnet , inspired by a suggestion made by niels jerne , formulated the clonal selection theory ( cst ) of immunity . <SEP> who
on the basis of cst , burnet developed a theory of how an immune response is triggered according to the self/nonself distinction : " self " constituents ( constituents of the body ) do not trigger destructive immune responses , while " nonself " entities ( pathogens , an allograft ) trigger a destructive immune response . <SEP> what
the theory was later modified to reflect new discoveries regarding histocompatibility or the complex " two-signal " activation of t cells . <SEP> what
in the mid-1950s , frank burnet , inspired by a suggestion made by niels jerne , formulated the clonal selection theory ( cst ) of immunity . <SEP> what other scientist influence frank burnet
glucocorticoids are the most powerful of these drugs ; however , these drugs can have many undesirable side effects , such as central obesity , hyperglycemia , osteoporosis , and their use must be tightly controlled . <SEP> what
lower doses of anti-inflammatory drugs are often used in conjunction with cytotoxic or immunosuppressive drugs such as methotrexate or azathioprine . <SEP> what
immunosuppressive drugs such as cyclosporin prevent t cells from responding to signals correctly by inhibiting signal transduction pathways . <SEP> what
in contrast , during wake periods differentiated effector cells , such as cytotoxic natural killer cells and ctls ( cytotoxic t lymphocytes ) , peak in order to elicit an effective response against any intruding pathogens . <SEP> what
as well during awake active times , anti-inflammatory molecules , such as cortisol and catecholamines , peak . <SEP> what
when a t-cell encounters a foreign pathogen , it extends a vitamin d receptor . <SEP> what
this is essentially a signaling device that allows the t-cell to bind to the active form of vitamin d , the steroid hormone calcitriol . <SEP> what
t-cells have a symbiotic relationship with vitamin d. not only does the t-cell extend a vitamin d receptor , in essence asking to bind to the steroid hormone version of vitamin d , calcitriol , but the t-cell expresses the gene cyp27b1 , which is the gene responsible for converting the pre-hormone version of vitamin d , calcidiol into the steroid hormone version , calcitriol . <SEP> what
t-cells have a symbiotic relationship with vitamin d. not only does the t-cell extend a vitamin d receptor , in essence asking to bind to the steroid hormone version of vitamin d , calcitriol , but the t-cell expresses the gene cyp27b1 , which is the gene responsible for converting the pre-hormone version of vitamin d , calcidiol into the steroid hormone version , calcitriol . <SEP> what gene
other immune system cells that are known to express cyp27b1 and thus activate vitamin d calcidiol , are dendritic cells , keratinocytes and macrophages . <SEP> what
pattern recognition receptors are proteins used by nearly all organisms to identify molecules associated with pathogens . <SEP> what
antimicrobial peptides called defensins are an evolutionarily conserved component of the innate immune response found in all animals and plants , and represent the main form of invertebrate systemic immunity . <SEP> what
the complement system and phagocytic cells are also used by most forms of invertebrate life . <SEP> what cell type
ribonucleases and the rna interference pathway are conserved across all eukaryotes , and are thought to play a role in the immune response to viruses . <SEP> what
many of the classical molecules of the adaptive immune system ( e.g. , immunoglobulins and t cell receptors ) exist only in jawed vertebrates . <SEP> what molecules of the adaptive immune system
however , a distinct lymphocyte-derived molecule has been discovered in primitive jawless vertebrates , such as the lamprey and hagfish . <SEP> what
these animals possess a large array of molecules called variable lymphocyte receptors ( vlrs ) that , like the antigen receptors of jawed vertebrates , are produced from only a small number ( one or two ) of genes . <SEP> what
it is likely that a multicomponent , adaptive immune system arose with the first vertebrates , as invertebrates do not generate lymphocytes or an antibody-based humoral response . <SEP> that
immune systems appear even in the structurally most simple forms of life , with bacteria using a unique defense mechanism , called the restriction modification system to protect themselves from viral pathogens , called bacteriophages . <SEP> what
immune systems appear even in the structurally most simple forms of life , with bacteria using a unique defense mechanism , called the restriction modification system to protect themselves from viral pathogens , called bacteriophages . <SEP> from what pathogens
prokaryotes also possess acquired immunity , through a system that uses crispr sequences to retain fragments of the genomes of phage that they have come into contact with in the past , which allows them to block virus replication through a form of rna interference . <SEP> what
the end of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th century saw a battle between " cellular " and " humoral " theories of immunity . <SEP> what
according to the cellular theory of immunity , represented in particular by elie metchnikoff , it was cells – more precisely , phagocytes – that were responsible for immune responses . <SEP> who
according to the cellular theory of immunity , represented in particular by elie metchnikoff , it was cells – more precisely , phagocytes – that were responsible for immune responses . <SEP> under elie metchnikoff 's cellular theory , what cells
in contrast , the humoral theory of immunity , held , among others , by robert koch and emil von behring , stated that the active immune agents were soluble components ( molecules ) found in the organism ’ s “ humors ” rather than its cells . <SEP> what two scientists
clearly , some tumors evade the immune system and go on to become cancers . <SEP> that
tumor cells often have a reduced number of mhc class i molecules on their surface , thus avoiding detection by killer t cells . <SEP> what receptors
some tumor cells also release products that inhibit the immune response ; for example by secreting the cytokine tgf-β , which suppresses the activity of macrophages and lymphocytes . <SEP> what
hypersensitivity is an immune response that damages the body 's own tissues . <SEP> what
they are divided into four classes ( type i – iv ) based on the mechanisms involved and the time course of the hypersensitive reaction . <SEP> how many classes of immune hypersensitivity
type i hypersensitivity is an immediate or anaphylactic reaction , often associated with allergy . <SEP> what type of hypersensitivity
type i hypersensitivity is mediated by ige , which triggers degranulation of mast cells and basophils when cross-linked by antigen . <SEP> what
an evasion strategy used by several pathogens to avoid the innate immune system is to hide within the cells of their host ( also called intracellular pathogenesis ) . <SEP> what
some examples of intracellular pathogens include viruses , the food poisoning bacterium salmonella and the eukaryotic parasites that cause malaria ( plasmodium falciparum ) and leishmaniasis ( leishmania spp . ) . <SEP> what food bacteria
some examples of intracellular pathogens include viruses , the food poisoning bacterium salmonella and the eukaryotic parasites that cause malaria ( plasmodium falciparum ) and leishmaniasis ( leishmania spp . ) . <SEP> what
other bacteria , such as mycobacterium tuberculosis , live inside a protective capsule that prevents lysis by complement . <SEP> what bacteria
other bacteria generate surface proteins that bind to antibodies , rendering them ineffective ; examples include streptococcus ( protein g ) , staphylococcus aureus ( protein a ) , and peptostreptococcus magnus ( protein l ) . <SEP> what protein
this is called antigenic variation . <SEP> what
an example is hiv , which mutates rapidly , so the proteins on its viral envelope that are essential for entry into its host target cell are constantly changing . <SEP> what
the parasite trypanosoma brucei uses a similar strategy , constantly switching one type of surface protein for another , allowing it to stay one step ahead of the antibody response . <SEP> what
masking antigens with host molecules is another common strategy for avoiding detection by the immune system . <SEP> what
this is called immune surveillance . <SEP> what
the antigens expressed by tumors have several sources ; some are derived from oncogenic viruses like human papillomavirus , which causes cervical cancer , while others are the organism 's own proteins that occur at low levels in normal cells but reach high levels in tumor cells . <SEP> what
one example is an enzyme called tyrosinase that , when expressed at high levels , transforms certain skin cells ( e.g . melanocytes ) into tumors called melanomas . <SEP> what
one example is an enzyme called tyrosinase that , when expressed at high levels , transforms certain skin cells ( e.g . melanocytes ) into tumors called melanomas . <SEP> what
one example is an enzyme called tyrosinase that , when expressed at high levels , transforms certain skin cells ( e.g . melanocytes ) into tumors called melanomas . <SEP> what
larger drugs ( > 500 da ) can provoke a neutralizing immune response , particularly if the drugs are administered repeatedly , or in larger doses . <SEP> what
early techniques relied mainly on the observation that hydrophilic amino acids are overrepresented in epitope regions than hydrophobic amino acids ; however , more recent developments rely on machine learning techniques using databases of existing known epitopes , usually on well-studied virus proteins , as a training set . <SEP> what kind of amino acids
immunoproteomics is the study of large sets of proteins ( proteomics ) involved in the immune response . <SEP> what
a publicly accessible database has been established for the cataloguing of epitopes from pathogens known to be recognizable by b cells . <SEP> by what cells
the emerging field of bioinformatics-based studies of immunogenicity is referred to as immunoinformatics . <SEP> what
first , during the early slow-wave-sleep stage , a sudden drop in blood levels of cortisol , epinephrine , and norepinephrine induce increased blood levels of the hormones leptin , pituitary growth hormone , and prolactin . <SEP> of what hormones
this deposition of complement can also kill cells directly by disrupting their plasma membrane . <SEP> how
the speed of the response is a result of signal amplification that occurs following sequential proteolytic activation of complement molecules , which are also proteases . <SEP> the speed of the killing response of the human immune system
this produces a catalytic cascade that amplifies the initial signal by controlled positive feedback . <SEP> what type of cascade
civil disobedience is one of the many ways people have rebelled against what they deem to be unfair laws . <SEP> what
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide . <SEP> what
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide . <SEP> what
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide . <SEP> what country
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide . <SEP> where
one of its earliest massive implementations was brought about by egyptians against the british occupation in the 1919 revolution . <SEP> which people
one of its earliest massive implementations was brought about by egyptians against the british occupation in the 1919 revolution . <SEP> who
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide . <SEP> why
civil disobedience is one of the many ways people have rebelled against what they deem to be unfair laws . <SEP> what
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide . <SEP> what civil rights movement in the us
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial . <SEP> that
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial . <SEP> who
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial . <SEP> what
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial . <SEP> what character in the play
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial . <SEP> what
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial . <SEP> what play
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial . <SEP> who
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial . <SEP> what
following the peterloo massacre of 1819 , poet percy shelley wrote the political poem the mask of anarchy later that year , that begins with the images of what he thought to be the unjust forms of authority of his time—and then imagines the stirrings of a new form of social action . <SEP> what poet
gandhi 's satyagraha was partially influenced and inspired by shelley 's nonviolence in protest and political action . <SEP> what
a version was taken up by the author henry david thoreau in his essay civil disobedience , and later by gandhi in his doctrine of satyagraha . <SEP> what famous author
following the peterloo massacre of 1819 , poet percy shelley wrote the political poem the mask of anarchy later that year , that begins with the images of what he thought to be the unjust forms of authority of his time—and then imagines the stirrings of a new form of social action . <SEP> who
it is perhaps the first modern [ vague ] statement of the principle of nonviolent protest . <SEP> what
a version was taken up by the author henry david thoreau in his essay civil disobedience , and later by gandhi in his doctrine of satyagraha . <SEP> which famous indian
indeed , for vice president agnew it has become a code-word describing the activities of muggers , arsonists , draft evaders , campaign hecklers , campus militants , anti-war demonstrators , juvenile delinquents and political assassins . " <SEP> in what activities
marshall cohen notes , " it has been used to describe everything from bringing a test-case in the federal courts to taking aim at a federal official . <SEP> what person
it has been argued that the term " civil disobedience " has always suffered from ambiguity and in modern times , become utterly debased . <SEP> what
it has been argued that the term " civil disobedience " has always suffered from ambiguity and in modern times , become utterly debased . <SEP> what issue
legrande writes that " the formulation of a single all-encompassing definition of the term is extremely difficult , if not impossible . <SEP> who
in reviewing the voluminous literature on the subject , the student of civil disobedience rapidly finds himself surrounded by a maze of semantical problems and grammatical niceties . <SEP> that students
like alice in wonderland , he often finds that specific terminology has no more ( or no less ) meaning than the individual orator intends it to have . " <SEP> what
in reviewing the voluminous literature on the subject , the student of civil disobedience rapidly finds himself surrounded by a maze of semantical problems and grammatical niceties . <SEP> how much literature
in reviewing the voluminous literature on the subject , the student of civil disobedience rapidly finds himself surrounded by a maze of semantical problems and grammatical niceties . <SEP> what issue
he encourages a distinction between lawful protest demonstration , nonviolent civil disobedience , and violent civil disobedience . <SEP> what type of protest
he encourages a distinction between lawful protest demonstration , nonviolent civil disobedience , and violent civil disobedience . <SEP> what type of civil disobedience
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict . <SEP> what terminology
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict . <SEP> how
for instance , if the head of government of a country were to refuse to enforce a decision of that country 's highest court , it would not be civil disobedience , since the head of government would be acting in her or his capacity as public official rather than private citizen . <SEP> when
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict . <SEP> from what
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict . <SEP> what
for instance , if the head of government of a country were to refuse to enforce a decision of that country 's highest court , it would not be civil disobedience , since the head of government would be acting in her or his capacity as public official rather than private citizen . <SEP> what
for instance , if the head of government of a country were to refuse to enforce a decision of that country 's highest court , it would not be civil disobedience , since the head of government would be acting in her or his capacity as public official rather than private citizen . <SEP> what type of person
for instance , if the head of government of a country were to refuse to enforce a decision of that country 's highest court , it would not be civil disobedience , since the head of government would be acting in her or his capacity as public official rather than private citizen . <SEP> by what population group
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict . <SEP> what group of people
however , this definition is disputed by thoreau 's political philosophy pitching the conscience vs. the collective . <SEP> what author
before thoreau ’ s imprisonment , when a confused taxman had wondered aloud about how to handle his refusal to pay , thoreau had advised , “ resign . ” <SEP> what
before thoreau ’ s imprisonment , when a confused taxman had wondered aloud about how to handle his refusal to pay , thoreau had advised , “ resign . ” <SEP> what
thoreau admits that government may express the will of the majority but it may also express nothing more than the will of elite politicians . <SEP> what
the individual is the final judge of right and wrong . <SEP> who
more than this , since only individuals act , only individuals can act unjustly . <SEP> who
before thoreau ’ s imprisonment , when a confused taxman had wondered aloud about how to handle his refusal to pay , thoreau had advised , “ resign . ” <SEP> who
before thoreau ’ s imprisonment , when a confused taxman had wondered aloud about how to handle his refusal to pay , thoreau had advised , “ resign . ” <SEP> what
the majority may be powerful but it is not necessarily right . <SEP> what
brownlee argues that disobedience in opposition to the decisions of non-governmental agencies such as trade unions , banks , and private universities can be justified if it reflects " a larger challenge to the legal system that permits those decisions to be taken " . <SEP> who
some theories of civil disobedience hold that civil disobedience is only justified against governmental entities . <SEP> what
brownlee argues that disobedience in opposition to the decisions of non-governmental agencies such as trade unions , banks , and private universities can be justified if it reflects " a larger challenge to the legal system that permits those decisions to be taken " . <SEP> what public entity of learning
but stephen eilmann argues that if it is necessary to disobey rules that conflict with morality , we might ask why disobedience should take the form of public civil disobedience rather than simply covert lawbreaking . <SEP> why
by this definition , civil disobedience could be traced back to the book of exodus , where shiphrah and puah refused a direct order of pharaoh but misrepresented how they did it . <SEP> what two women
it is usually recognized that lawbreaking , if it is not done publicly , at least must be publicly announced in order to constitute civil disobedience . <SEP> what
but stephen eilmann argues that if it is necessary to disobey rules that conflict with morality , we might ask why disobedience should take the form of public civil disobedience rather than simply covert lawbreaking . <SEP> what
if a lawyer wishes to help a client overcome legal obstacles to securing her or his natural rights , he might , for instance , find that assisting in fabricating evidence or committing perjury is more effective than open disobedience . <SEP> what
the fully informed jury association 's publication " a primer for prospective jurors " notes , " think of the dilemma faced by german citizens when hitler 's secret police demanded to know if they were hiding a jew in their house . " <SEP> what dilemma
by this definition , civil disobedience could be traced back to the book of exodus , where shiphrah and puah refused a direct order of pharaoh but misrepresented how they did it . <SEP> what book of the bible
black 's law dictionary includes non-violence in its definition of civil disobedience . <SEP> what behavior
black 's law dictionary includes non-violence in its definition of civil disobedience . <SEP> what dictionary
it has been argued that , while both civil disobedience and civil rebellion are justified by appeal to constitutional defects , rebellion is much more destructive ; therefore , the defects justifying rebellion must be much more serious than those justifying disobedience , and if one can not justify civil rebellion , then one can not justify a civil disobedients ' use of force and violence and refusal to submit to arrest . <SEP> what other terminology
civil disobedients ' refraining from violence is also said to help preserve society 's tolerance of civil disobedience . <SEP> that
there have been debates as to whether civil disobedience must necessarily be non-violent . <SEP> what type of civil disobedience
it has been argued that , while both civil disobedience and civil rebellion are justified by appeal to constitutional defects , rebellion is much more destructive ; therefore , the defects justifying rebellion must be much more serious than those justifying disobedience , and if one can not justify civil rebellion , then one can not justify a civil disobedients ' use of force and violence and refusal to submit to arrest . <SEP> when
it has been argued that , while both civil disobedience and civil rebellion are justified by appeal to constitutional defects , rebellion is much more destructive ; therefore , the defects justifying rebellion must be much more serious than those justifying disobedience , and if one can not justify civil rebellion , then one can not justify a civil disobedients ' use of force and violence and refusal to submit to arrest . <SEP> what
civil disobedients ' refraining from violence is also said to help preserve society 's tolerance of civil disobedience . <SEP> why
revolutionary civil disobedience is more of an active attempt to overthrow a government ( or to change cultural traditions , social customs , religious beliefs , etc.. <SEP> what
it has been claimed that the hungarians under ferenc deák directed revolutionary civil disobedience against the austrian government . <SEP> what group of people
gandhi 's acts have been described as revolutionary civil disobedience . <SEP> of who
revolutionary civil disobedience is more of an active attempt to overthrow a government ( or to change cultural traditions , social customs , religious beliefs , etc.. <SEP> what
non-revolutionary civil disobedience is a simple disobedience of laws on the grounds that they are judged " wrong " by an individual conscience , or as part of an effort to render certain laws ineffective , to cause their repeal , or to exert pressure to get one 's political wishes on some other issue . <SEP> what
non-revolutionary civil disobedience is a simple disobedience of laws on the grounds that they are judged " wrong " by an individual conscience , or as part of an effort to render certain laws ineffective , to cause their repeal , or to exert pressure to get one 's political wishes on some other issue . <SEP> why
non-revolutionary civil disobedience is a simple disobedience of laws on the grounds that they are judged " wrong " by an individual conscience , or as part of an effort to render certain laws ineffective , to cause their repeal , or to exert pressure to get one 's political wishes on some other issue . <SEP> what
revolutionary civil disobedience is more of an active attempt to overthrow a government ( or to change cultural traditions , social customs , religious beliefs , etc.. <SEP> what type of civil disobedience
gandhi 's acts have been described as revolutionary civil disobedience . <SEP> what
the earliest recorded incidents of collective civil disobedience took place during the roman empire [ citation needed ] . <SEP> when
unarmed jews gathered in the streets to prevent the installation of pagan images in the temple in jerusalem . <SEP> what
thoreau , at the time of his arrest , was not yet a well-known author , and his arrest was not covered in any newspapers in the days , weeks and months after it happened . <SEP> what
the tax collector who arrested him rose to higher political office , and thoreau 's essay was not published until after the end of the mexican war . <SEP> what position
the tax collector who arrested him rose to higher political office , and thoreau 's essay was not published until after the end of the mexican war . <SEP> when
the earliest recorded incidents of collective civil disobedience took place during the roman empire [ citation needed ] . <SEP> when
in modern times , some activists who commit civil disobedience as a group collectively refuse to sign bail until certain demands are met , such as favorable bail conditions , or the release of all the activists . <SEP> what
the tax collector who arrested him rose to higher political office , and thoreau 's essay was not published until after the end of the mexican war . <SEP> how long
bedau also notes , though , that the very harmlessness of such entirely symbolic illegal protests toward public policy goals may serve a propaganda purpose . <SEP> that
some civil disobedients , such as the proprietors of illegal medical cannabis dispensaries and voice in the wilderness , which brought medicine to iraq without the permission of the u.s. government , directly achieve a desired social goal ( such as the provision of medication to the sick ) while openly breaking the law . <SEP> what group of civil disobedients
julia butterfly hill lived in luna , a 180-foot ( 55 m ) -tall , 600-year-old california redwood tree for 738 days , successfully preventing it from being cut down . <SEP> how long
julia butterfly hill lived in luna , a 180-foot ( 55 m ) -tall , 600-year-old california redwood tree for 738 days , successfully preventing it from being cut down . <SEP> what
civil disobedients have chosen a variety of different illegal acts . <SEP> what type of actions
bedau writes , " there is a whole class of acts , undertaken in the name of civil disobedience , which , even if they were widely practiced , would in themselves constitute hardly more than a nuisance ( e.g . trespassing at a nuclear-missile installation ) ... such acts are often just a harassment and , at least to the bystander , somewhat inane ... the remoteness of the connection between the disobedient act and the objectionable law lays such acts open to the charge of ineffectiveness and absurdity . " <SEP> what
some civil disobedients , such as the proprietors of illegal medical cannabis dispensaries and voice in the wilderness , which brought medicine to iraq without the permission of the u.s. government , directly achieve a desired social goal ( such as the provision of medication to the sick ) while openly breaking the law . <SEP> what type of goals
julia butterfly hill lived in luna , a 180-foot ( 55 m ) -tall , 600-year-old california redwood tree for 738 days , successfully preventing it from being cut down . <SEP> who
for example , joseph haas was arrested for allegedly sending an email to the lebanon , new hampshire city councilors stating , " wise up or die . " <SEP> what
for example , joseph haas was arrested for allegedly sending an email to the lebanon , new hampshire city councilors stating , " wise up or die . " <SEP> what
in cases where the criminalized behavior is pure speech , civil disobedience can consist simply of engaging in the forbidden speech . <SEP> when
an example would be wbai 's broadcasting the track " filthy words " from a george carlin comedy album , which eventually led to the 1978 supreme court case of fcc v. pacifica foundation . <SEP> what year
in cases where the criminalized behavior is pure speech , civil disobedience can consist simply of engaging in the forbidden speech . <SEP> what
threatening government officials is another classic way of expressing defiance toward the government and unwillingness to stand for its policies . <SEP> how
brownlee notes that " although civil disobedients are constrained in their use of coercion by their conscientious aim to engage in moral dialogue , nevertheless they may find it necessary to employ limited coercion in order to get their issue onto the table . " <SEP> what
in this way , they might be considered coercive . <SEP> when
some forms of civil disobedience , such as illegal boycotts , refusals to pay taxes , draft dodging , distributed denial-of-service attacks , and sit-ins , make it more difficult for a system to function . <SEP> what
many of the same decisions and principles that apply in other criminal investigations and arrests arise also in civil disobedience cases . <SEP> what type of government investigations
for example , the suspect may need to decide whether or not to grant a consent search of his property , and whether or not to talk to police officers . <SEP> what
it is generally agreed within the legal community , and is often believed within the activist community , that a suspect 's talking to criminal investigators can serve no useful purpose , and may be harmful . <SEP> what
also , some civil disobedients seek to use the arrest as an opportunity to make an impression on the officers . <SEP> why
some civil disobedients feel it is incumbent upon them to accept punishment because of their belief in the validity of the social contract , which is held to bind all to obey the laws that a government meeting certain standards of legitimacy has established , or else suffer the penalties set out in the law . <SEP> why
and still other civil disobedients , being anarchists , do n't believe in the legitimacy of any government , and therefore see no need to accept punishment for a violation of criminal law that does not infringe the rights of others . <SEP> what
and still other civil disobedients , being anarchists , do n't believe in the legitimacy of any government , and therefore see no need to accept punishment for a violation of criminal law that does not infringe the rights of others . <SEP> for what reason
an important decision for civil disobedients is whether or not to plead guilty . <SEP> what
there is much debate on this point , as some believe that it is a civil disobedient 's duty to submit to the punishment prescribed by law , while others believe that defending oneself in court will increase the possibility of changing the unjust law . <SEP> which duty
i feel i did the right thing by violating this particular law ; i am guilty as charged , " but that pleading not guilty sends a message of , " guilt implies wrong-doing . <SEP> why
i feel i did the right thing by violating this particular law ; i am guilty as charged , " but that pleading not guilty sends a message of , " guilt implies wrong-doing . <SEP> which reason
one defendant accused of illegally protesting nuclear power , when asked to enter his plea , stated , " i plead for the beauty that surrounds us " ; this is known as a " creative plea , " and will usually be interpreted as a plea of not guilty . <SEP> what third type of plea
when the committee for non-violent action sponsored a protest in august 1957 , at the camp mercury nuclear test site near las vegas , nevada , 13 of the protesters attempted to enter the test site knowing that they faced arrest . <SEP> where in las vegas
when the committee for non-violent action sponsored a protest in august 1957 , at the camp mercury nuclear test site near las vegas , nevada , 13 of the protesters attempted to enter the test site knowing that they faced arrest . <SEP> what
a well known civil rights attorney , francis heisler , had volunteered to defend the arrested persons , advising them to plead " nolo contendere " , as an alternative to pleading either guilty or not-guilty . <SEP> how
the arrested persons were found " guilty , " nevertheless , and given suspended sentences , conditional on their not reentering the test site grounds . <SEP> what type of sentences
howard zinn writes , " there may be many times when protesters choose to go to jail , as a way of continuing their protest , as a way of reminding their countrymen of injustice . <SEP> why
to accept jail penitently as an accession to 'the rules ' is to switch suddenly to a spirit of subservience , to demean the seriousness of the protest ... in particular , the neo-conservative insistence on a guilty plea should be eliminated . " <SEP> why
sometimes the prosecution proposes a plea bargain to civil disobedients , as in the case of the camden 28 , in which the defendants were offered an opportunity to plead guilty to one misdemeanor count and receive no jail time . <SEP> what type of punishment
sometimes the prosecution proposes a plea bargain to civil disobedients , as in the case of the camden 28 , in which the defendants were offered an opportunity to plead guilty to one misdemeanor count and receive no jail time . <SEP> what
in some mass arrest situations , the activists decide to use solidarity tactics to secure the same plea bargain for everyone . <SEP> when
but some activists have opted to enter a blind plea , pleading guilty without any plea agreement in place . <SEP> what type of plea
mohandas gandhi pleaded guilty and told the court , " i am here to . submit cheerfully to the highest penalty that can be inflicted upon me for what in law is a deliberate crime and what appears to me to be the highest duty of a citizen . " <SEP> which famous indian
some civil disobedience defendants choose to make a defiant speech , or a speech explaining their actions , in allocution . <SEP> what way
some civil disobedience defendants choose to make a defiant speech , or a speech explaining their actions , in allocution . <SEP> why
some of the other allocution speeches given by the protesters complained about mistreatment from government officials . <SEP> what type of treatment
steven barkan writes that if defendants plead not guilty , " they must decide whether their primary goal will be to win an acquittal and avoid imprisonment or a fine , or to use the proceedings as a forum to inform the jury and the public of the political circumstances surrounding the case and their reasons for breaking the law via civil disobedience . " <SEP> what
steven barkan writes that if defendants plead not guilty , " they must decide whether their primary goal will be to win an acquittal and avoid imprisonment or a fine , or to use the proceedings as a forum to inform the jury and the public of the political circumstances surrounding the case and their reasons for breaking the law via civil disobedience . " <SEP> what
during the vietnam war era , the chicago eight used a political defense , while benjamin spock used a technical defense . <SEP> what us war
one theory is that , while disobedience may be helpful , any great amount of it would undermine the law by encouraging general disobedience which is neither conscientious nor of social benefit . <SEP> what needs
one theory is that , while disobedience may be helpful , any great amount of it would undermine the law by encouraging general disobedience which is neither conscientious nor of social benefit . <SEP> why
it has also been argued that breaking the law for self-gratification , as in the case of a homosexual or cannabis user who does not direct his act at securing the repeal of amendment of the law , is not civil disobedience . <SEP> what
likewise , a protestor who attempts to escape punishment by committing the crime covertly and avoiding attribution , or by denying having committed the crime , or by fleeing the jurisdiction , is generally viewed as not being a civil disobedient . <SEP> why
likewise , a protestor who attempts to escape punishment by committing the crime covertly and avoiding attribution , or by denying having committed the crime , or by fleeing the jurisdiction , is generally viewed as not being a civil disobedient . <SEP> for what reason
courts have distinguished between two types of civil disobedience : " indirect civil disobedience involves violating a law which is not , itself , the object of protest , whereas direct civil disobedience involves protesting the existence of a particular law by breaking that law . " <SEP> what
courts have distinguished between two types of civil disobedience : " indirect civil disobedience involves violating a law which is not , itself , the object of protest , whereas direct civil disobedience involves protesting the existence of a particular law by breaking that law . " <SEP> when
during the vietnam war , courts typically refused to excuse the perpetrators of illegal protests from punishment on the basis of their challenging the legality of the vietnam war ; the courts ruled it was a political question . <SEP> what us war
likewise , when carter wentworth was charged for his role in the clamshell alliance 's 1977 illegal occupation of the seabrook station nuclear power plant , the judge instructed the jury to disregard his competing harms defense , and he was found guilty . <SEP> what type of defense
fully informed jury association activists have sometimes handed out educational leaflets inside courthouses despite admonitions not to ; according to fija , many of them have escaped prosecution because " prosecutors have reasoned ( correctly ) that if they arrest fully informed jury leafleters , the leaflets will have to be given to the leafleter 's own jury as evidence . " <SEP> why
along with giving the offender his " just deserts " , achieving crime control via incapacitation and deterrence is a major goal of criminal punishment . <SEP> what
leonard hubert hoffmann writes , " in deciding whether or not to impose punishment , the most important consideration would be whether it would do more harm than good . <SEP> what
brownlee argues , " bringing in deterrence at the level of justification detracts from the law ’ s engagement in a moral dialogue with the offender as a rational person because it focuses attention on the threat of punishment and not the moral reasons to follow this law . " <SEP> what
construction is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure . <SEP> what
construction differs from manufacturing in that manufacturing typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser , while construction typically takes place on location for a known client . <SEP> what
construction as an industry comprises six to nine percent of the gross domestic product of developed countries . <SEP> what percentile of gross domestic product
construction starts with planning , [ citation needed ] design , and financing and continues until the project is built and ready for use . <SEP> what three things
construction differs from manufacturing in that manufacturing typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser , while construction typically takes place on location for a known client . <SEP> who
an architect normally manages the job , and a construction manager , design engineer , construction engineer or project manager supervises it . <SEP> who
an architect normally manages the job , and a construction manager , design engineer , construction engineer or project manager supervises it . <SEP> who
for the successful execution of a project , effective planning is essential . <SEP> what
those involved with the design and execution of the infrastructure in question must consider zoning requirements , the environmental impact of the job , the successful scheduling , budgeting , construction-site safety , availability and transportation of building materials , logistics , inconvenience to the public caused by construction delays and bidding , etc . the largest construction projects are referred to as megaprojects . <SEP> who
in general , there are three sectors of construction : buildings , infrastructure and industrial . <SEP> what
engineering news-record ( enr ) is a trade magazine for the construction industry . <SEP> what
in 2014 , enr compiled the data in nine market segments . <SEP> in what year
in their reporting on the top 400 , they used data on transportation , sewer , hazardous waste and water to rank firms as heavy contractors . <SEP> what
to recognize the differences of companies in this sector , it is divided into three subsectors : building construction , heavy and civil engineering construction , and specialty trade contractors . <SEP> what
the standard industrial classification and the newer north american industry classification system have a classification system for companies that perform or otherwise engage in construction . <SEP> what
there are also categories for construction service firms ( e.g. , engineering , architecture ) and construction managers ( firms engaged in managing construction projects without assuming direct financial responsibility for completion of the construction project ) . <SEP> what
building construction is the process of adding structure to real property or construction of buildings . <SEP> what
often , the owner of the property acts as laborer , paymaster , and design team for the entire project . <SEP> who
although building construction projects typically include various common elements , such as design , financial , estimating and legal considerations , many projects of varying sizes reach undesirable end results , such as structural collapse , cost overruns , and/or litigation . <SEP> what
for this reason , those with experience in the field make detailed plans and maintain careful oversight during the project to ensure a positive outcome . <SEP> what
materials readily available in the area generally dictate the construction materials used ( e.g . brick versus stone , versus timber ) . <SEP> what
as residential construction ( as well as all other types of construction ) can generate a lot of waste , careful planning again is needed here . <SEP> what
working versions of 3d-printing building technology are already printing 2 metres ( 6 ft 7 in ) of building material per hour as of january 2013 [ update ] , with the next-generation printers capable of 3.5 metres ( 11 ft ) per hour , sufficient to complete a building in a week . <SEP> when
working versions of 3d-printing building technology are already printing 2 metres ( 6 ft 7 in ) of building material per hour as of january 2013 [ update ] , with the next-generation printers capable of 3.5 metres ( 11 ft ) per hour , sufficient to complete a building in a week . <SEP> how much
the design team is most commonly employed by ( i.e . in contract with ) the property owner . <SEP> by who
under this system , once the design is completed by the design team , a number of construction companies or construction management companies may then be asked to make a bid for the work , either based directly on the design , or on the basis of drawings and a bill of quantities provided by a quantity surveyor . <SEP> who
following evaluation of bids , the owner typically awards a contract to the most cost efficient bidder . <SEP> to who
this is designated as a " design build " contract where the contractor is given a performance specification and must undertake the project from design to construction , while adhering to the performance specifications . <SEP> what kind of contract
several project structures can assist the owner in this integration , including design-build , partnering and construction management . <SEP> what project structures
in general , each of these project structures allows the owner to integrate the services of architects , interior designers , engineers and constructors throughout design and construction . <SEP> of who
construction projects can suffer from preventable financial problems . <SEP> what
underbids happen when builders ask for too little money to complete the project . <SEP> what
cash flow problems exist when the present amount of funding can not cover the current costs for labour and materials , and because they are a matter of having sufficient funds at a specific time , can arise even when the overall total is enough . <SEP> when
fraud is a problem in many fields , but is notoriously prevalent in the construction field . <SEP> what financial issue
mortgage bankers , accountants , and cost engineers are likely participants in creating an overall plan for the financial management of the building construction project . <SEP> who
the presence of the mortgage banker is highly likely , even in relatively small projects since the owner 's equity in the property is the most obvious source of funding for a building project . <SEP> who
accountants act to study the expected monetary flow over the life of the project and to monitor the payouts throughout the process . <SEP> who
cost overruns with government projects have occurred when the contractor identified change orders or project changes that increased costs , which are not subject to competition from other firms as they have already been eliminated from consideration after the initial bid . <SEP> when
cost engineers and estimators apply expertise to relate the work and materials involved to a proper valuation . <SEP> who
the project must adhere to zoning and building code requirements . <SEP> what
constructing a project that fails to adhere to codes does not benefit the owner . <SEP> that
some legal requirements come from malum in se considerations , or the desire to prevent things that are indisputably bad – bridge collapses or explosions . <SEP> what
other legal requirements come from malum prohibitum considerations , or things that are a matter of custom or expectation , such as isolating businesses to a business district and residences to a residential district . <SEP> what
an attorney may seek changes or exemptions in the law that governs the land where the building will be built , either by arguing that a rule is inapplicable ( the bridge design will not cause a collapse ) , or that the custom is no longer needed ( acceptance of live-work spaces has grown in the community ) . <SEP> who
a construction project is a complex net of contracts and other legal obligations , each of which all parties must carefully consider . <SEP> what
a contract is the exchange of a set of obligations between two or more parties , but it is not so simple a matter as trying to get the other side to agree to as much as possible in exchange for as little as possible . <SEP> what
the time element in construction means that a delay costs money , and in cases of bottlenecks , the delay can be extremely expensive . <SEP> what
contracts that set out clear expectations and clear paths to accomplishing those expectations are far more likely to result in the project flowing smoothly , whereas poorly drafted contracts lead to confusion and collapse . <SEP> what
there is also a growing number of new forms of procurement that involve relationship contracting where the emphasis is on a co-operative relationship between the principal and contractor and other stakeholders within a construction project . <SEP> what
new forms include partnering such as public-private partnering ( ppps ) aka private finance initiatives ( pfis ) and alliances such as " pure " or " project " alliances and " impure " or " strategic " alliances . <SEP> what
new forms include partnering such as public-private partnering ( ppps ) aka private finance initiatives ( pfis ) and alliances such as " pure " or " project " alliances and " impure " or " strategic " alliances . <SEP> what
the focus on co-operation is to ameliorate the many problems that arise from the often highly competitive and adversarial practices within the construction industry . <SEP> on what
in this arrangement , the architect or engineer acts as the project coordinator . <SEP> in the most common construction procurement , who
in this arrangement , the architect or engineer acts as the project coordinator . <SEP> whose role
there are direct contractual links between the architect 's client and the main contractor . <SEP> who
there are direct contractual links between the architect 's client and the main contractor . <SEP> with who
the owner produces a list of requirements for a project , giving an overall view of the project 's goals . <SEP> who
several d & b contractors present different ideas about how to accomplish these goals . <SEP> who
the owner selects the ideas he or she likes best and hires the appropriate contractor . <SEP> who
often , it is not just one contractor , but a consortium of several contractors working together . <SEP> who
as they build phase 1 , they design phase 2 . <SEP> what
before the foundation can be dug , contractors are typically required to verify and have existing utility lines marked , either by the utilities themselves or through a company specializing in such services . <SEP> who
this lessens the likelihood of damage to the existing electrical , water , sewage , phone , and cable facilities , which could cause outages and potentially hazardous situations . <SEP> what
during the construction of a building , the municipal building inspector inspects the building periodically to ensure that the construction adheres to the approved plans and the local building code . <SEP> who
once construction is complete and a final inspection has been passed , an occupancy permit may be issued . <SEP> what
in the united states , the industry in 2014 has around $ 960 billion in annual revenue according to statistics tracked by the census bureau , of which $ 680 billion is private ( split evenly between residential and nonresidential ) and the remainder is government . <SEP> what
in the united states , the industry in 2014 has around $ 960 billion in annual revenue according to statistics tracked by the census bureau , of which $ 680 billion is private ( split evenly between residential and nonresidential ) and the remainder is government . <SEP> how much revenue
as of 2005 , there were about 667,000 firms employing 1 million contractors ( 200,000 general contractors , 38,000 heavy , and 432,000 specialty ) ; the average contractor employed fewer than 10 employees . <SEP> how many
as of 2005 , there were about 667,000 firms employing 1 million contractors ( 200,000 general contractors , 38,000 heavy , and 432,000 specialty ) ; the average contractor employed fewer than 10 employees . <SEP> how many employees
in the united states , approximately 828,000 women were employed in the construction industry as of 2011 . <SEP> how many women
the average earning for a professional in the construction industry in the middle east , across all sectors , job types and levels of experience , is £42,090 , compared to £26,719 in the uk . <SEP> what
the average earning for a professional in the construction industry in the middle east , across all sectors , job types and levels of experience , is £42,090 , compared to £26,719 in the uk . <SEP> what
some construction workers in the us/canada have made more than $ 100,000 annually , depending on their trade . <SEP> where
construction is one of the most dangerous occupations in the world , incurring more occupational fatalities than any other sector in both the united states and in the european union . <SEP> what
falls are one of the most common causes of fatal and non-fatal injuries among construction workers . <SEP> what
other major causes of fatalities in the construction industry include electrocution , transportation accidents , and trench cave-ins . <SEP> what
proper safety equipment such as harnesses and guardrails and procedures such as securing ladders and inspecting scaffolding can curtail the risk of occupational injuries in the construction industry . <SEP> what
private schools , also known as independent schools , non-governmental , or nonstate schools , are not administered by local , state or national governments ; thus , they retain the right to select their students and are funded in whole or in part by charging their students tuition , rather than relying on mandatory taxation through public ( government ) funding ; at some private schools students may be able to get a scholarship , which makes the cost cheaper , depending on a talent the student may have ( e.g . sport scholarship , art scholarship , academic scholarship ) , financial need , or tax credit scholarships that might be available . <SEP> what
private schools , also known as independent schools , non-governmental , or nonstate schools , are not administered by local , state or national governments ; thus , they retain the right to select their students and are funded in whole or in part by charging their students tuition , rather than relying on mandatory taxation through public ( government ) funding ; at some private schools students may be able to get a scholarship , which makes the cost cheaper , depending on a talent the student may have ( e.g . sport scholarship , art scholarship , academic scholarship ) , financial need , or tax credit scholarships that might be available . <SEP> what
private schools , also known as independent schools , non-governmental , or nonstate schools , are not administered by local , state or national governments ; thus , they retain the right to select their students and are funded in whole or in part by charging their students tuition , rather than relying on mandatory taxation through public ( government ) funding ; at some private schools students may be able to get a scholarship , which makes the cost cheaper , depending on a talent the student may have ( e.g . sport scholarship , art scholarship , academic scholarship ) , financial need , or tax credit scholarships that might be available . <SEP> what
private schools , also known as independent schools , non-governmental , or nonstate schools , are not administered by local , state or national governments ; thus , they retain the right to select their students and are funded in whole or in part by charging their students tuition , rather than relying on mandatory taxation through public ( government ) funding ; at some private schools students may be able to get a scholarship , which makes the cost cheaper , depending on a talent the student may have ( e.g . sport scholarship , art scholarship , academic scholarship ) , financial need , or tax credit scholarships that might be available . <SEP> what right
annual tuition fees at k-12 schools range from nothing at so called 'tuition-free ' schools to more than $ 45,000 at several new england preparatory schools . <SEP> what
annual tuition fees at k-12 schools range from nothing at so called 'tuition-free ' schools to more than $ 45,000 at several new england preparatory schools . <SEP> what
in the united kingdom and several other commonwealth countries including australia and canada , the use of the term is generally restricted to primary and secondary educational levels ; it is almost never used of universities and other tertiary institutions . <SEP> what country
the secondary level includes schools offering years 7 through 12 ( year twelve is known as lower sixth ) and year 13 ( upper sixth ) . <SEP> what
the secondary level includes schools offering years 7 through 12 ( year twelve is known as lower sixth ) and year 13 ( upper sixth ) . <SEP> what
this category includes university-preparatory schools or " prep schools " , boarding schools and day schools . <SEP> what
tuition at private secondary schools varies from school to school and depends on many factors , including the location of the school , the willingness of parents to pay , peer tuitions and the school 's financial endowment . <SEP> what factor
high tuition , schools claim , is used to pay higher salaries for the best teachers and also used to provide enriched learning environments , including a low student to teacher ratio , small class sizes and services , such as libraries , science laboratories and computers . <SEP> who
they include parochial schools , a term which is often used to denote roman catholic schools . <SEP> what religion 's schools
other religious groups represented in the k-12 private education sector include protestants , jews , muslims and the orthodox christians . <SEP> what religious group
some such schools teach religious education , together with the usual academic subjects to impress their particular faith 's beliefs and traditions in the students who attend . <SEP> what type of education
some schools offer the removal of the purported distractions of co-education ; the presence of boarding facilities ; or stricter discipline based on their power of expulsion , a tool not readily available to government schools . <SEP> what power
student uniforms for australian private schools are generally stricter and more formal than in government schools - for example , a compulsory blazer . <SEP> what
private schools in australia are always more expensive than their public counterparts . <SEP> what
although most are non-aligned , some of the best known independent schools also belong to the large , long-established religious foundations , such as the anglican church , uniting church and presbyterian church , but in most cases , they do not insist on their students ’ religious allegiance . <SEP> what
they are usually expensive schools that tend to be up-market and traditional in style , some catholic schools fall into this category as well , e.g . st joseph 's college , gregory terrace , saint ignatius ' college , riverview , st gregory 's college , campbelltown , st aloysius ' college ( sydney ) and st joseph 's college , hunters hill , as well as loreto kirribilli , monte sant angelo mercy college , st ursula 's college and loreto normanhurst for girls . <SEP> what denomination
they are usually expensive schools that tend to be up-market and traditional in style , some catholic schools fall into this category as well , e.g . st joseph 's college , gregory terrace , saint ignatius ' college , riverview , st gregory 's college , campbelltown , st aloysius ' college ( sydney ) and st joseph 's college , hunters hill , as well as loreto kirribilli , monte sant angelo mercy college , st ursula 's college and loreto normanhurst for girls . <SEP> where
they are usually expensive schools that tend to be up-market and traditional in style , some catholic schools fall into this category as well , e.g . st joseph 's college , gregory terrace , saint ignatius ' college , riverview , st gregory 's college , campbelltown , st aloysius ' college ( sydney ) and st joseph 's college , hunters hill , as well as loreto kirribilli , monte sant angelo mercy college , st ursula 's college and loreto normanhurst for girls . <SEP> who
the right to create private schools in germany is in article 7 , paragraph 4 of the grundgesetz and can not be suspended even in a state of emergency . <SEP> what article of the grundgesetz grants the right
overall , between 1992 and 2008 the percent of pupils in such schools in germany increased from 6.1 % to 7.8 % ( including rise from 0.5 % to 6.1 % in the former gdr ) . <SEP> what percentage of german students
percent of students in private high schools reached 11.1 % . <SEP> what
overall , between 1992 and 2008 the percent of pupils in such schools in germany increased from 6.1 % to 7.8 % ( including rise from 0.5 % to 6.1 % in the former gdr ) . <SEP> in 1992 , what percentage of east german students
teachers at ersatzschulen must have at least the same education and at least the same wages as teachers at public schools , an ersatzschule must have at least the same academic standards as a public school and article 7 , paragraph 4 of the grundgesetz , also forbids segregation of pupils according to the means of their parents ( the so-called sonderungsverbot ) . <SEP> what
ersatzschulen are ordinary primary or secondary schools , which are run by private individuals , private organizations or religious groups . <SEP> what
therefore , most ersatzschulen have very low tuition fees and/or offer scholarships , compared to most other western european countries . <SEP> how
ergänzungsschulen are secondary or post-secondary ( non-tertiary ) schools , which are run by private individuals , private organizations or rarely , religious groups and offer a type of education which is not available at public schools . <SEP> what
most of these schools are vocational schools . <SEP> what types of schools
ergänzungsschulen have the freedom to operate outside of government regulation and are funded in whole by charging their students tuition fees . <SEP> how
ergänzungsschulen are secondary or post-secondary ( non-tertiary ) schools , which are run by private individuals , private organizations or rarely , religious groups and offer a type of education which is not available at public schools . <SEP> what
in india , private schools are called independent schools , but since some private schools receive financial aid from the government , it can be an aided or an unaided school . <SEP> what
prominent examination boards that are present in multiple states are the cbse and the cisce , nenbse <SEP> what
among other things , this has also resulted in 30 different examination boards or academic authorities that conduct examinations for school leaving certificates . <SEP> how many examination boards
the practice has been for the union government to provide the broad policy directions while the states create their own rules and regulations for the administration of the sector . <SEP> what body in india
legally , only non-profit trusts and societies can run schools in india . <SEP> what
the annual status of education report ( aser ) , which evaluates learning levels in rural india , has been reporting poorer academic achievement in government schools than in private schools . <SEP> what
the annual status of education report ( aser ) , which evaluates learning levels in rural india , has been reporting poorer academic achievement in government schools than in private schools . <SEP> what
a key difference between the government and private schools is that the medium of education in private schools is english while it is the local language in government schools . <SEP> what language
in ireland , private schools ( irish : scoil phríobháideach ) are unusual because a certain number of teacher 's salaries are paid by the state . <SEP> what
in ireland , private schools ( irish : scoil phríobháideach ) are unusual because a certain number of teacher 's salaries are paid by the state . <SEP> how
the average fee is around €5,000 annually for most schools , but some of these schools also provide boarding and the fees may then rise up to €25,000 per year . <SEP> what
the fee-paying schools are usually run by a religious order , i.e. , the society of jesus or congregation of christian brothers , etc . <SEP> what
after malaysia 's independence in 1957 , the government instructed all schools to surrender their properties and be assimilated into the national school system . <SEP> in what year
while chinese primary schools were allowed to retain chinese as the medium of instruction , chinese secondary schools are required to change into english-medium schools . <SEP> what language
while chinese primary schools were allowed to retain chinese as the medium of instruction , chinese secondary schools are required to change into english-medium schools . <SEP> what language
after malaysia 's independence in 1957 , the government instructed all schools to surrender their properties and be assimilated into the national school system . <SEP> what
over 60 schools converted to become national type schools . <SEP> how many
the ones that accept government funds are called 'aided ' schools . <SEP> what
the private 'un-aided ' schools are fully funded by private parties . <SEP> how
technically , these would be categorized as private schools , but many of them have the name " public school " appended to them , e.g. , the galaxy public school in kathmandu . <SEP> where
the medium of education is english , but as a compulsory subject , nepali and/or the state 's official language is also taught . <SEP> what
the medium of education is english , but as a compulsory subject , nepali and/or the state 's official language is also taught . <SEP> what language
as of april 2014 , there are 88 private schools in new zealand , catering for around 28,000 students or 3.7 % of the entire student population . <SEP> how many private schools
as of april 2014 , there are 88 private schools in new zealand , catering for around 28,000 students or 3.7 % of the entire student population . <SEP> how many
as of april 2014 , there are 88 private schools in new zealand , catering for around 28,000 students or 3.7 % of the entire student population . <SEP> what percentage of new zealand students
the largest decline in private school numbers occurred between 1979 and 1984 , when the nation 's then-private catholic school system integrated . <SEP> what religion 's schools
as a result , private schools in new zealand are now largely restricted to the largest cities ( auckland , hamilton , wellington and christchurch ) and niche markets . <SEP> what city
private schools are often anglican , such as king 's college and diocesan school for girls in auckland , st paul 's collegiate school in hamilton , st peter 's school in cambridge , samuel marsden collegiate school in wellington , and christ 's college and st margaret 's college in christchurch ; or presbyterian , such as saint kentigern college and st cuthbert 's college in auckland , scots college and queen margaret college in wellington , and st andrew 's college and rangi ruru girls ' school in christchurch . <SEP> what denomination
private schools are often anglican , such as king 's college and diocesan school for girls in auckland , st paul 's collegiate school in hamilton , st peter 's school in cambridge , samuel marsden collegiate school in wellington , and christ 's college and st margaret 's college in christchurch ; or presbyterian , such as saint kentigern college and st cuthbert 's college in auckland , scots college and queen margaret college in wellington , and st andrew 's college and rangi ruru girls ' school in christchurch . <SEP> where
private schools are often anglican , such as king 's college and diocesan school for girls in auckland , st paul 's collegiate school in hamilton , st peter 's school in cambridge , samuel marsden collegiate school in wellington , and christ 's college and st margaret 's college in christchurch ; or presbyterian , such as saint kentigern college and st cuthbert 's college in auckland , scots college and queen margaret college in wellington , and st andrew 's college and rangi ruru girls ' school in christchurch . <SEP> what denomination
private schools are often anglican , such as king 's college and diocesan school for girls in auckland , st paul 's collegiate school in hamilton , st peter 's school in cambridge , samuel marsden collegiate school in wellington , and christ 's college and st margaret 's college in christchurch ; or presbyterian , such as saint kentigern college and st cuthbert 's college in auckland , scots college and queen margaret college in wellington , and st andrew 's college and rangi ruru girls ' school in christchurch . <SEP> in what city
there are three private schools ( including the secondary school , st dominic 's college ) operated by the catholic schismatic group , the society of st pius x in wanganui . <SEP> what group
in the philippines , the private sector has been a major provider of educational services , accounting for about 7.5 % of primary enrollment , 32 % of secondary enrollment and about 80 % of tertiary enrollment . <SEP> what percentage of filipino primary school students
in the philippines , the private sector has been a major provider of educational services , accounting for about 7.5 % of primary enrollment , 32 % of secondary enrollment and about 80 % of tertiary enrollment . <SEP> in the philippines , what percentage of secondary school students
in the philippines , the private sector has been a major provider of educational services , accounting for about 7.5 % of primary enrollment , 32 % of secondary enrollment and about 80 % of tertiary enrollment . <SEP> what percentage of filipino tertiary education
government regulations have given private education more flexibility and autonomy in recent years , notably by lifting the moratorium on applications for new courses , new schools and conversions , by liberalizing tuition fee policy for private schools , by replacing values education for third and fourth years with english , mathematics and natural science at the option of the school , and by issuing the revised manual of regulations for private schools in august 1992 . <SEP> in what month and year
government regulations have given private education more flexibility and autonomy in recent years , notably by lifting the moratorium on applications for new courses , new schools and conversions , by liberalizing tuition fee policy for private schools , by replacing values education for third and fourth years with english , mathematics and natural science at the option of the school , and by issuing the revised manual of regulations for private schools in august 1992 . <SEP> along with english and mathematics , what subject
the education service contracting scheme of the government provides financial assistance for tuition and other school fees of students turned away from public high schools because of enrollment overflows . <SEP> what
the tuition fee supplement is geared to students enrolled in priority courses in post-secondary and non-degree programmes , including vocational and technical courses . <SEP> what stipend
the private education student financial assistance is made available to underprivileged , but deserving high school graduates , who wish to pursue college/technical education in private colleges and universities . <SEP> what aid
the south african schools act of 1996 recognises two categories of schools : " public " ( state-controlled ) and " independent " ( which includes traditional private schools and schools which are privately governed [ clarification needed ] . ) <SEP> what south african law
the south african schools act of 1996 recognises two categories of schools : " public " ( state-controlled ) and " independent " ( which includes traditional private schools and schools which are privately governed [ clarification needed ] . ) <SEP> in what year
the south african schools act of 1996 recognises two categories of schools : " public " ( state-controlled ) and " independent " ( which includes traditional private schools and schools which are privately governed [ clarification needed ] . ) <SEP> what type of school
the south african schools act of 1996 recognises two categories of schools : " public " ( state-controlled ) and " independent " ( which includes traditional private schools and schools which are privately governed [ clarification needed ] . ) <SEP> what schools
some of the oldest schools in south africa are private church schools that were established by missionaries in the early nineteenth century . <SEP> in what century
following the transition to democracy , the legal form of " model c " was abolished , however , the term continues to be used to describe government schools formerly reserved for white children . <SEP> what types of schools
these schools tend to produce better academic results than government schools formerly reserved for other race groups . <SEP> how
all schools in south africa ( including both independent schools and public schools ) have the right to set compulsory school fees , and formerly model c schools tend to set much higher school fees than other public schools . <SEP> how
over 10 % of swedish pupils were enrolled in private schools in 2008 . <SEP> what
for instance , the biggest school chain , kunskapsskolan ( “ the knowledge school ” ) , offers 30 schools and a web-based environment , has 700 employees and teaches nearly 10,000 pupils . <SEP> how many people
for instance , the biggest school chain , kunskapsskolan ( “ the knowledge school ” ) , offers 30 schools and a web-based environment , has 700 employees and teaches nearly 10,000 pupils . <SEP> what
sweden is internationally known for this innovative school voucher model that provides swedish pupils with the opportunity to choose the school they prefer . <SEP> what school model
preparatory schools in the uk prepare pupils aged up to 13 years old to enter public schools . <SEP> what age
preparatory schools in the uk prepare pupils aged up to 13 years old to enter public schools . <SEP> what schools
according to the good schools guide approximately 9 per cent of children being educated in the uk are doing so at fee-paying schools at gsce level and 13 per cent at a-level . <SEP> what percentage of british children
according to the good schools guide approximately 9 per cent of children being educated in the uk are doing so at fee-paying schools at gsce level and 13 per cent at a-level . <SEP> at a-level , what percentage of british students
fees range from under £3,000 to £21,000 and above per year for day pupils , rising to £27,000+ per year for boarders . <SEP> what
in many parts of the united states , after the 1954 decision in the landmark court case brown v. board of education of topeka that demanded united states schools desegregate " with all deliberate speed " , local families organized a wave of private " christian academies " . <SEP> what court case
since the 1970s , many of these " segregation academies " have shut down , although some continue to operate . <SEP> what
in much of the u.s. south , many white students migrated to the academies , while public schools became in turn more heavily concentrated with african-american students ( see list of private schools in mississippi ) . <SEP> in what part of the united states
in much of the u.s. south , many white students migrated to the academies , while public schools became in turn more heavily concentrated with african-american students ( see list of private schools in mississippi ) . <SEP> what
funding for private schools is generally provided through student tuition , endowments , scholarship/voucher funds , and donations and grants from religious organizations or private individuals . <SEP> where
government funding for religious schools is either subject to restrictions or possibly forbidden , according to the courts ' interpretation of the establishment clause of the first amendment or individual state blaine amendments . <SEP> what amendment to the united states constitution
government funding for religious schools is either subject to restrictions or possibly forbidden , according to the courts ' interpretation of the establishment clause of the first amendment or individual state blaine amendments . <SEP> what state constitutional amendments
private schooling in the united states has been debated by educators , lawmakers and parents , since the beginnings of compulsory education in massachusetts in 1852 . <SEP> what
private schooling in the united states has been debated by educators , lawmakers and parents , since the beginnings of compulsory education in massachusetts in 1852 . <SEP> in what year
some of the most relevant supreme court case law on this is as follows : runyon v. mccrary , 427 u.s. 160 ( 1976 ) ; wisconsin v. yoder , 406 u.s. 205 ( 1972 ) ; pierce v. society of sisters , 268 u.s. 510 ( 1925 ) ; meyer v. nebraska , 262 u.s. 390 ( 1923 ) . <SEP> in what year
some of the most relevant supreme court case law on this is as follows : runyon v. mccrary , 427 u.s. 160 ( 1976 ) ; wisconsin v. yoder , 406 u.s. 205 ( 1972 ) ; pierce v. society of sisters , 268 u.s. 510 ( 1925 ) ; meyer v. nebraska , 262 u.s. 390 ( 1923 ) . <SEP> what
some of the most relevant supreme court case law on this is as follows : runyon v. mccrary , 427 u.s. 160 ( 1976 ) ; wisconsin v. yoder , 406 u.s. 205 ( 1972 ) ; pierce v. society of sisters , 268 u.s. 510 ( 1925 ) ; meyer v. nebraska , 262 u.s. 390 ( 1923 ) . <SEP> who
as of 2012 , quality private schools in the united states charged substantial tuition , close to $ 40,000 annually for day schools in new york city , and nearly $ 50,000 for boarding schools . <SEP> about how much
as of 2012 , quality private schools in the united states charged substantial tuition , close to $ 40,000 annually for day schools in new york city , and nearly $ 50,000 for boarding schools . <SEP> what
the leading schools such as the groton school had substantial endowments running to hundreds of millions of dollars supplemented by fundraising drives . <SEP> what notable private school
the leading schools such as the groton school had substantial endowments running to hundreds of millions of dollars supplemented by fundraising drives . <SEP> how
established originally by the massachusetts legislature and soon thereafter named for john harvard ( its first benefactor ) , harvard is the united states ' oldest institution of higher learning , and the harvard corporation ( formally , the president and fellows of harvard college ) is its first chartered corporation . <SEP> what individual
the undergraduate college became coeducational after its 1977 merger with radcliffe college . <SEP> when
james bryant conant led the university through the great depression and world war ii and began to reform the curriculum and liberalize admissions after the war . <SEP> what
following the american civil war , president charles w. eliot 's long tenure ( 1869–1909 ) transformed the college and affiliated professional schools into a modern research university ; harvard was a founding member of the association of american universities in 1900 . <SEP> what organization
following the american civil war , president charles w. eliot 's long tenure ( 1869–1909 ) transformed the college and affiliated professional schools into a modern research university ; harvard was a founding member of the association of american universities in 1900 . <SEP> what president of the university
it operates several arts , cultural , and scientific museums , alongside the harvard library , which is the world 's largest academic and private library system , comprising 79 individual libraries with over 18 million volumes . <SEP> what
it operates several arts , cultural , and scientific museums , alongside the harvard library , which is the world 's largest academic and private library system , comprising 79 individual libraries with over 18 million volumes . <SEP> how many individual libraries
it operates several arts , cultural , and scientific museums , alongside the harvard library , which is the world 's largest academic and private library system , comprising 79 individual libraries with over 18 million volumes . <SEP> how many volumes
harvard 's alumni include eight u.s. presidents , several foreign heads of state , 62 living billionaires , 335 rhodes scholars , and 242 marshall scholars . <SEP> how many us presidents
to date , some 150 nobel laureates , 18 fields medalists and 13 turing award winners have been affiliated as students , faculty , or staff . <SEP> how many
the university is organized into eleven separate academic units—ten faculties and the radcliffe institute for advanced study—with campuses throughout the boston metropolitan area : its 209-acre ( 85 ha ) main campus is centered on harvard yard in cambridge , approximately 3 miles ( 5 km ) northwest of boston ; the business school and athletics facilities , including harvard stadium , are located across the charles river in the allston neighborhood of boston and the medical , dental , and public health schools are in the longwood medical area . <SEP> what
harvard 's $ 37.6 billion financial endowment is the largest of any academic institution . <SEP> what
the university is organized into eleven separate academic units—ten faculties and the radcliffe institute for advanced study—with campuses throughout the boston metropolitan area : its 209-acre ( 85 ha ) main campus is centered on harvard yard in cambridge , approximately 3 miles ( 5 km ) northwest of boston ; the business school and athletics facilities , including harvard stadium , are located across the charles river in the allston neighborhood of boston and the medical , dental , and public health schools are in the longwood medical area . <SEP> what river
the university is organized into eleven separate academic units—ten faculties and the radcliffe institute for advanced study—with campuses throughout the boston metropolitan area : its 209-acre ( 85 ha ) main campus is centered on harvard yard in cambridge , approximately 3 miles ( 5 km ) northwest of boston ; the business school and athletics facilities , including harvard stadium , are located across the charles river in the allston neighborhood of boston and the medical , dental , and public health schools are in the longwood medical area . <SEP> how many
the university is organized into eleven separate academic units—ten faculties and the radcliffe institute for advanced study—with campuses throughout the boston metropolitan area : its 209-acre ( 85 ha ) main campus is centered on harvard yard in cambridge , approximately 3 miles ( 5 km ) northwest of boston ; the business school and athletics facilities , including harvard stadium , are located across the charles river in the allston neighborhood of boston and the medical , dental , and public health schools are in the longwood medical area . <SEP> what
harvard was formed in 1636 by vote of the great and general court of the massachusetts bay colony . <SEP> in what year
in 1638 , the college became home for north america 's first known printing press , carried by the ship john of london . <SEP> what year
in 1639 , the college was renamed harvard college after deceased clergyman john harvard , who was an alumnus of the university of cambridge . <SEP> in what year
the charter creating the harvard corporation was granted in 1650 . <SEP> in what year
in the early years the college trained many puritan ministers . <SEP> what
it offered a classic curriculum on the english university model—​​many leaders in the colony had attended the university of cambridge—​​but conformed puritanism . <SEP> after what
throughout the 18th century , enlightenment ideas of the power of reason and free will became widespread among congregationalist ministers , putting those ministers and their congregations in tension with more traditionalist , calvinist parties . :1–4 when the hollis professor of divinity david tappan died in 1803 and the president of harvard joseph willard died a year later , in 1804 , a struggle broke out over their replacements . <SEP> in what year
henry ware was elected to the chair in 1805 , and the liberal samuel webber was appointed to the presidency of harvard two years later , which signaled the changing of the tide from the dominance of traditional ideas at harvard to the dominance of liberal , arminian ideas ( defined by traditionalists as unitarian ideas ) . <SEP> what liberal
henry ware was elected to the chair in 1805 , and the liberal samuel webber was appointed to the presidency of harvard two years later , which signaled the changing of the tide from the dominance of traditional ideas at harvard to the dominance of liberal , arminian ideas ( defined by traditionalists as unitarian ideas ) . <SEP> in what year
in 1846 , the natural history lectures of louis agassiz were acclaimed both in new york and on the campus at harvard college . <SEP> who
this dual view of knowledge was in concert with the teachings of common sense realism derived from scottish philosophers thomas reid and dugald stewart , whose works were part of the harvard curriculum at the time . <SEP> what
charles w. eliot , president 1869–1909 , eliminated the favored position of christianity from the curriculum while opening it to student self-direction . <SEP> what president
while eliot was the most crucial figure in the secularization of american higher education , he was motivated not by a desire to secularize education , but by transcendentalist unitarian convictions . <SEP> what conviction
derived from william ellery channing and ralph waldo emerson , these convictions were focused on the dignity and worth of human nature , the right and ability of each person to perceive truth , and the indwelling god in each person . <SEP> from whom
james bryant conant ( president , 1933–1953 ) reinvigorated creative scholarship to guarantee its preeminence among research institutions . <SEP> who
he saw higher education as a vehicle of opportunity for the talented rather than an entitlement for the wealthy , so conant devised programs to identify , recruit , and support talented youth . <SEP> how
the resulting report , published in 1945 , was one of the most influential manifestos in the history of american education in the 20th century . <SEP> in what year of 20th century
nonetheless , harvard 's undergraduate population remained predominantly male , with about four men attending harvard college for every woman studying at radcliffe . <SEP> what
following the merger of harvard and radcliffe admissions in 1977 , the proportion of female undergraduates steadily increased , mirroring a trend throughout higher education in the united states . <SEP> in what year
following the merger of harvard and radcliffe admissions in 1977 , the proportion of female undergraduates steadily increased , mirroring a trend throughout higher education in the united states . <SEP> what
harvard 's 209-acre ( 85 ha ) main campus is centered on harvard yard in cambridge , about 3 miles ( 5 km ) west-northwest of the state house in downtown boston , and extends into the surrounding harvard square neighborhood . <SEP> how far from state house in downtown boston
sophomore , junior , and senior undergraduates live in twelve residential houses , nine of which are south of harvard yard along or near the charles river . <SEP> how many residential dorms house upper class , sophomore , jr , and sr
sophomore , junior , and senior undergraduates live in twelve residential houses , nine of which are south of harvard yard along or near the charles river . <SEP> what
the other three are located in a residential neighborhood half a mile northwest of the yard at the quadrangle ( commonly referred to as the quad ) , which formerly housed radcliffe college students until radcliffe merged its residential system with harvard . <SEP> how far from the yard
the harvard business school and many of the university 's athletics facilities , including harvard stadium , are located on a 358-acre ( 145 ha ) campus opposite the cambridge campus in allston . <SEP> where
the john w. weeks bridge is a pedestrian bridge over the charles river connecting both campuses . <SEP> what
the harvard medical school , harvard school of dental medicine , and the harvard school of public health are located on a 21-acre ( 8.5 ha ) campus in the longwood medical and academic area approximately 3.3 miles ( 5.3 km ) southwest of downtown boston and 3.3 miles ( 5.3 km ) south of the cambridge campus . <SEP> where
the university now owns approximately fifty percent more land in allston than in cambridge . <SEP> how much more land
proposals to connect the cambridge campus with the new allston campus include new and enlarged bridges , a shuttle service and/or a tram . <SEP> what
the institution asserts that such expansion will benefit not only the school , but surrounding community , pointing to such features as the enhanced transit infrastructure , possible shuttles open to the public , and park space which will also be publicly accessible . <SEP> what additional benefits
harvard 's 2,400 professors , lecturers , and instructors instruct 7,200 undergraduates and 14,000 graduate students . <SEP> what
harvard 's 2,400 professors , lecturers , and instructors instruct 7,200 undergraduates and 14,000 graduate students . <SEP> what
harvard 's 2,400 professors , lecturers , and instructors instruct 7,200 undergraduates and 14,000 graduate students . <SEP> how many graduate students
the color was unofficially adopted ( in preference to magenta ) by an 1875 vote of the student body , although the association with some form of red can be traced back to 1858 , when charles william eliot , a young graduate student who would later become harvard 's 21st and longest-serving president ( 1869–1909 ) , bought red bandanas for his crew so they could more easily be distinguished by spectators at a regatta . <SEP> when
the color was unofficially adopted ( in preference to magenta ) by an 1875 vote of the student body , although the association with some form of red can be traced back to 1858 , when charles william eliot , a young graduate student who would later become harvard 's 21st and longest-serving president ( 1869–1909 ) , bought red bandanas for his crew so they could more easily be distinguished by spectators at a regatta . <SEP> what year
it was worth $ 32 billion in 2011 , up from $ 28 billion in september 2010 and $ 26 billion in 2009 . <SEP> what
it suffered about 30 % loss in 2008-09 . <SEP> how great
one of the most visible results of harvard 's attempt to re-balance its budget was their halting of construction of the $ 1.2 billion allston science complex that had been scheduled to be completed by 2011 , resulting in protests from local residents . <SEP> what project
as of 2012 [ update ] , harvard university had a total financial aid reserve of $ 159 million for students , and a pell grant reserve of $ 4.093 million available for disbursement . <SEP> what
as of 2012 [ update ] , harvard university had a total financial aid reserve of $ 159 million for students , and a pell grant reserve of $ 4.093 million available for disbursement . <SEP> what
during the divestment from south africa movement in the late 1980s , student activists erected a symbolic " shantytown " on harvard yard and blockaded a speech given by south african vice consul duke kent-brown . <SEP> when
during the divestment from south africa movement in the late 1980s , student activists erected a symbolic " shantytown " on harvard yard and blockaded a speech given by south african vice consul duke kent-brown . <SEP> what south african vice consul
however , the university did eventually reduce its south african holdings by $ 230 million ( out of $ 400 million ) in response to the pressure . <SEP> by how much
harvard college accepted 5.3 % of applicants for the class of 2019 , a record low and the second lowest acceptance rate among all national universities . <SEP> what
harvard college ended its early admissions program in 2007 as the program was believed to disadvantage low-income and under-represented minority applicants applying to selective universities , yet for the class of 2016 an early action program was reintroduced . <SEP> in what year
harvard college ended its early admissions program in 2007 as the program was believed to disadvantage low-income and under-represented minority applicants applying to selective universities , yet for the class of 2016 an early action program was reintroduced . <SEP> why
harvard college ended its early admissions program in 2007 as the program was believed to disadvantage low-income and under-represented minority applicants applying to selective universities , yet for the class of 2016 an early action program was reintroduced . <SEP> in what year
between 1978 and 2008 , entering students were required to complete a core curriculum of seven classes outside of their concentration . <SEP> how
since 2008 , undergraduate students have been required to complete courses in eight general education categories : aesthetic and interpretive understanding , culture and belief , empirical and mathematical reasoning , ethical reasoning , science of living systems , science of the physical universe , societies of the world , and united states in the world . <SEP> how
the carnegie foundation for the advancement of teaching , the new york times , and some students have criticized harvard for its reliance on teaching fellows for some aspects of undergraduate education ; they consider this to adversely affect the quality of education . <SEP> what criticism in ny times article that
harvard 's academic programs operate on a semester calendar beginning in early september and ending in mid-may . <SEP> what
undergraduates typically take four half-courses per term and must maintain a four-course rate average to be considered full-time . <SEP> how many courses
students graduating in the top 4–5 % of the class are awarded degrees summa cum laude , students in the next 15 % of the class are awarded magna cum laude , and the next 30 % of the class are awarded cum laude . <SEP> what
for the 2012–13 school year annual tuition was $ 38,000 , with a total cost of attendance of $ 57,000 . <SEP> what
for the 2012–13 school year annual tuition was $ 38,000 , with a total cost of attendance of $ 57,000 . <SEP> what
beginning 2007 , families with incomes below $ 60,000 pay nothing for their children to attend , including room and board . <SEP> how much
in 2009 , harvard offered grants totaling $ 414 million across all eleven divisions ; [ further explanation needed ] $ 340 million came from institutional funds , $ 35 million from federal support , and $ 39 million from other outside support . <SEP> what
grants total 88 % of harvard 's aid for undergraduate students , with aid also provided by loans ( 8 % ) and work-study ( 4 % ) . <SEP> what percentage of total financial aid for undergraduates from harvard
the harvard university library system is centered in widener library in harvard yard and comprises nearly 80 individual libraries holding over 18 million volumes . <SEP> what
cabot science library , lamont library , and widener library are three of the most popular libraries for undergraduates to use , with easy access and central locations . <SEP> what
america 's oldest collection of maps , gazetteers , and atlases both old and new is stored in pusey library and open to the public . <SEP> where
the harvard university library system is centered in widener library in harvard yard and comprises nearly 80 individual libraries holding over 18 million volumes . <SEP> how many total volumes
the harvard art museums comprises three museums . <SEP> how many museums
the arthur m. sackler museum includes collections of ancient , asian , islamic and later indian art , the busch-reisinger museum , formerly the germanic museum , covers central and northern european art , and the fogg museum of art , covers western art from the middle ages to the present emphasizing italian early renaissance , british pre-raphaelite , and 19th-century french art . <SEP> what
other museums include the carpenter center for the visual arts , designed by le corbusier , housing the film archive , the peabody museum of archaeology and ethnology , specializing in the cultural history and civilizations of the western hemisphere , and the semitic museum featuring artifacts from excavations in the middle east . <SEP> what museum
in particular , it has consistently topped the academic ranking of world universities ( arwu ) since 2003 , and the world reputation rankings since 2011 , when the first time such league tables were published . <SEP> in what year
in particular , it has consistently topped the academic ranking of world universities ( arwu ) since 2003 , and the world reputation rankings since 2011 , when the first time such league tables were published . <SEP> in what year
from a poll done by the princeton review , harvard is the second most commonly named " dream college " , both for students and parents in 2013 , and was the first nominated by parents in 2009 . <SEP> where
the harvard crimson competes in 42 intercollegiate sports in the ncaa division i ivy league . <SEP> how many intercollegiate sports
harvard has an intense athletic rivalry with yale university culminating in the game , although the harvard–yale regatta predates the football game . <SEP> what
this rivalry , though , is put aside every two years when the harvard and yale track and field teams come together to compete against a combined oxford university and cambridge university team , a competition that is the oldest continuous international amateur competition in the world . <SEP> at what time
harvard 's athletic rivalry with yale is intense in every sport in which they meet , coming to a climax each fall in the annual football meeting , which dates back to 1875 and is usually called simply " the game " . <SEP> what
in 1903 , harvard stadium introduced a new era into football with the first-ever permanent reinforced concrete stadium of its kind in the country . <SEP> in what year
camp would instead support revolutionary new rules for the 1906 season . <SEP> in what year
seeking to reduce the alarming number of deaths and serious injuries in the sport , walter camp ( former captain of the yale football team ) , suggested widening the field to open up the game . <SEP> what school
harvard has several athletic facilities , such as the lavietes pavilion , a multi-purpose arena and home to the harvard basketball teams . <SEP> what
the malkin athletic center , known as the " mac " , serves both as the university 's primary recreation facility and as a satellite location for several varsity sports . <SEP> what
the five-story building includes two cardio rooms , an olympic-size swimming pool , a smaller pool for aquaerobics and other activities , a mezzanine , where all types of classes are held , an indoor cycling studio , three weight rooms , and a three-court gym floor to play basketball . <SEP> how many weight rooms
older than the game by 23 years , the harvard-yale regatta was the original source of the athletic rivalry between the two schools . <SEP> how
it is held annually in june on the thames river in eastern connecticut . <SEP> in what body of water
today , harvard fields top teams in several other sports , such as the harvard crimson men 's ice hockey team ( with a strong rivalry against cornell ) , squash , and even recently won ncaa titles in men 's and women 's fencing . <SEP> who
harvard also won the intercollegiate sailing association national championships in 2003 . <SEP> in what year
politics : u.n. secretary general ban ki-moon ; american political leaders john hancock , john adams , john quincy adams , rutherford b. hayes , theodore roosevelt , franklin d. roosevelt , john f. kennedy , al gore , george w. bush and barack obama ; chilean president sebastián piñera ; colombian president juan manuel santos ; costa rican president josé maría figueres ; mexican presidents felipe calderón , carlos salinas de gortari and miguel de la madrid ; mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj ; peruvian president alejandro toledo ; taiwanese president ma ying-jeou ; canadian governor general david lloyd johnston ; indian member of parliament jayant sinha ; albanian prime minister fan s. noli ; canadian prime ministers mackenzie king and pierre trudeau ; greek prime minister antonis samaras ; israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu ; former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto ; u. s. secretary of housing and urban development shaun donovan ; canadian political leader michael ignatieff ; pakistani members of provincial assembly murtaza bhutto and sanam bhutto ; bangladesh minister of finance abul maal abdul muhith ; president of puntland abdiweli mohamed ali ; u.s. ambassador to the european union anthony luzzatto gardner . <SEP> what un secretary
politics : u.n. secretary general ban ki-moon ; american political leaders john hancock , john adams , john quincy adams , rutherford b. hayes , theodore roosevelt , franklin d. roosevelt , john f. kennedy , al gore , george w. bush and barack obama ; chilean president sebastián piñera ; colombian president juan manuel santos ; costa rican president josé maría figueres ; mexican presidents felipe calderón , carlos salinas de gortari and miguel de la madrid ; mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj ; peruvian president alejandro toledo ; taiwanese president ma ying-jeou ; canadian governor general david lloyd johnston ; indian member of parliament jayant sinha ; albanian prime minister fan s. noli ; canadian prime ministers mackenzie king and pierre trudeau ; greek prime minister antonis samaras ; israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu ; former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto ; u. s. secretary of housing and urban development shaun donovan ; canadian political leader michael ignatieff ; pakistani members of provincial assembly murtaza bhutto and sanam bhutto ; bangladesh minister of finance abul maal abdul muhith ; president of puntland abdiweli mohamed ali ; u.s. ambassador to the european union anthony luzzatto gardner . <SEP> what columbia president
politics : u.n. secretary general ban ki-moon ; american political leaders john hancock , john adams , john quincy adams , rutherford b. hayes , theodore roosevelt , franklin d. roosevelt , john f. kennedy , al gore , george w. bush and barack obama ; chilean president sebastián piñera ; colombian president juan manuel santos ; costa rican president josé maría figueres ; mexican presidents felipe calderón , carlos salinas de gortari and miguel de la madrid ; mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj ; peruvian president alejandro toledo ; taiwanese president ma ying-jeou ; canadian governor general david lloyd johnston ; indian member of parliament jayant sinha ; albanian prime minister fan s. noli ; canadian prime ministers mackenzie king and pierre trudeau ; greek prime minister antonis samaras ; israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu ; former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto ; u. s. secretary of housing and urban development shaun donovan ; canadian political leader michael ignatieff ; pakistani members of provincial assembly murtaza bhutto and sanam bhutto ; bangladesh minister of finance abul maal abdul muhith ; president of puntland abdiweli mohamed ali ; u.s. ambassador to the european union anthony luzzatto gardner . <SEP> who
politics : u.n. secretary general ban ki-moon ; american political leaders john hancock , john adams , john quincy adams , rutherford b. hayes , theodore roosevelt , franklin d. roosevelt , john f. kennedy , al gore , george w. bush and barack obama ; chilean president sebastián piñera ; colombian president juan manuel santos ; costa rican president josé maría figueres ; mexican presidents felipe calderón , carlos salinas de gortari and miguel de la madrid ; mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj ; peruvian president alejandro toledo ; taiwanese president ma ying-jeou ; canadian governor general david lloyd johnston ; indian member of parliament jayant sinha ; albanian prime minister fan s. noli ; canadian prime ministers mackenzie king and pierre trudeau ; greek prime minister antonis samaras ; israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu ; former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto ; u. s. secretary of housing and urban development shaun donovan ; canadian political leader michael ignatieff ; pakistani members of provincial assembly murtaza bhutto and sanam bhutto ; bangladesh minister of finance abul maal abdul muhith ; president of puntland abdiweli mohamed ali ; u.s. ambassador to the european union anthony luzzatto gardner . <SEP> what harvard alumni
other : civil rights leader w. e. b. du bois ; philosopher henry david thoreau ; authors ralph waldo emerson and william s. burroughs ; educators werner baer , harlan hanson ; poets wallace stevens , t. s. eliot and e. cummings ; conductor leonard bernstein ; cellist yo ma ; pianist and composer charlie albright ; composer john alden carpenter ; comedian , television show host and writer conan o'brien ; actors tatyana ali , nestor carbonell , matt damon , fred gwynne , hill harper , rashida jones , tommy lee jones , ashley judd , jack lemmon , natalie portman , mira sorvino , elisabeth shue , and scottie thompson ; film directors darren aronofsky , terrence malick , mira nair , and whit stillman ; architect philip johnson ; musicians rivers cuomo , tom morello , and gram parsons ; musician , producer and composer ryan leslie ; serial killer ted kaczynski ; programmer and activist richard stallman ; nfl quarterback ryan fitzpatrick ; nfl center matt birk ; nba player jeremy lin ; us ski team skier ryan max riley ; physician sachin h. jain ; physicist j. robert oppenheimer ; computer pioneer and inventor an wang ; tibetologist george de roerich ; and marshall admiral isoroku yamamoto . <SEP> what tv host and writer
other : civil rights leader w. e. b. du bois ; philosopher henry david thoreau ; authors ralph waldo emerson and william s. burroughs ; educators werner baer , harlan hanson ; poets wallace stevens , t. s. eliot and e. cummings ; conductor leonard bernstein ; cellist yo ma ; pianist and composer charlie albright ; composer john alden carpenter ; comedian , television show host and writer conan o'brien ; actors tatyana ali , nestor carbonell , matt damon , fred gwynne , hill harper , rashida jones , tommy lee jones , ashley judd , jack lemmon , natalie portman , mira sorvino , elisabeth shue , and scottie thompson ; film directors darren aronofsky , terrence malick , mira nair , and whit stillman ; architect philip johnson ; musicians rivers cuomo , tom morello , and gram parsons ; musician , producer and composer ryan leslie ; serial killer ted kaczynski ; programmer and activist richard stallman ; nfl quarterback ryan fitzpatrick ; nfl center matt birk ; nba player jeremy lin ; us ski team skier ryan max riley ; physician sachin h. jain ; physicist j. robert oppenheimer ; computer pioneer and inventor an wang ; tibetologist george de roerich ; and marshall admiral isoroku yamamoto . <SEP> what famous conductor
other : civil rights leader w. e. b. du bois ; philosopher henry david thoreau ; authors ralph waldo emerson and william s. burroughs ; educators werner baer , harlan hanson ; poets wallace stevens , t. s. eliot and e. cummings ; conductor leonard bernstein ; cellist yo ma ; pianist and composer charlie albright ; composer john alden carpenter ; comedian , television show host and writer conan o'brien ; actors tatyana ali , nestor carbonell , matt damon , fred gwynne , hill harper , rashida jones , tommy lee jones , ashley judd , jack lemmon , natalie portman , mira sorvino , elisabeth shue , and scottie thompson ; film directors darren aronofsky , terrence malick , mira nair , and whit stillman ; architect philip johnson ; musicians rivers cuomo , tom morello , and gram parsons ; musician , producer and composer ryan leslie ; serial killer ted kaczynski ; programmer and activist richard stallman ; nfl quarterback ryan fitzpatrick ; nfl center matt birk ; nba player jeremy lin ; us ski team skier ryan max riley ; physician sachin h. jain ; physicist j. robert oppenheimer ; computer pioneer and inventor an wang ; tibetologist george de roerich ; and marshall admiral isoroku yamamoto . <SEP> what
other : civil rights leader w. e. b. du bois ; philosopher henry david thoreau ; authors ralph waldo emerson and william s. burroughs ; educators werner baer , harlan hanson ; poets wallace stevens , t. s. eliot and e. cummings ; conductor leonard bernstein ; cellist yo ma ; pianist and composer charlie albright ; composer john alden carpenter ; comedian , television show host and writer conan o'brien ; actors tatyana ali , nestor carbonell , matt damon , fred gwynne , hill harper , rashida jones , tommy lee jones , ashley judd , jack lemmon , natalie portman , mira sorvino , elisabeth shue , and scottie thompson ; film directors darren aronofsky , terrence malick , mira nair , and whit stillman ; architect philip johnson ; musicians rivers cuomo , tom morello , and gram parsons ; musician , producer and composer ryan leslie ; serial killer ted kaczynski ; programmer and activist richard stallman ; nfl quarterback ryan fitzpatrick ; nfl center matt birk ; nba player jeremy lin ; us ski team skier ryan max riley ; physician sachin h. jain ; physicist j. robert oppenheimer ; computer pioneer and inventor an wang ; tibetologist george de roerich ; and marshall admiral isoroku yamamoto . <SEP> what famous civil rights leader
harvard 's faculty includes scholars such as biologist e. o. wilson , cognitive scientist steven pinker , physicists lisa randall and roy glauber , chemists elias corey , dudley r. herschbach and george m. whitesides , computer scientists michael o. rabin and leslie valiant , shakespeare scholar stephen greenblatt , writer louis menand , critic helen vendler , historians henry louis gates , jr. and niall ferguson , economists amartya sen , n. gregory mankiw , robert barro , stephen a. marglin , don m. wilson iii and martin feldstein , political philosophers harvey mansfield , baroness shirley williams and michael sandel , fields medalist mathematician shing-tung yau , political scientists robert putnam , joseph nye , and stanley hoffmann , scholar/composers robert levin and bernard rands , astrophysicist alyssa a. goodman , and legal scholars alan dershowitz and lawrence lessig . <SEP> what fields medal
harvard 's faculty includes scholars such as biologist e. o. wilson , cognitive scientist steven pinker , physicists lisa randall and roy glauber , chemists elias corey , dudley r. herschbach and george m. whitesides , computer scientists michael o. rabin and leslie valiant , shakespeare scholar stephen greenblatt , writer louis menand , critic helen vendler , historians henry louis gates , jr. and niall ferguson , economists amartya sen , n. gregory mankiw , robert barro , stephen a. marglin , don m. wilson iii and martin feldstein , political philosophers harvey mansfield , baroness shirley williams and michael sandel , fields medalist mathematician shing-tung yau , political scientists robert putnam , joseph nye , and stanley hoffmann , scholar/composers robert levin and bernard rands , astrophysicist alyssa a. goodman , and legal scholars alan dershowitz and lawrence lessig . <SEP> what prestigious legal scholars
harvard 's faculty includes scholars such as biologist e. o. wilson , cognitive scientist steven pinker , physicists lisa randall and roy glauber , chemists elias corey , dudley r. herschbach and george m. whitesides , computer scientists michael o. rabin and leslie valiant , shakespeare scholar stephen greenblatt , writer louis menand , critic helen vendler , historians henry louis gates , jr. and niall ferguson , economists amartya sen , n. gregory mankiw , robert barro , stephen a. marglin , don m. wilson iii and martin feldstein , political philosophers harvey mansfield , baroness shirley williams and michael sandel , fields medalist mathematician shing-tung yau , political scientists robert putnam , joseph nye , and stanley hoffmann , scholar/composers robert levin and bernard rands , astrophysicist alyssa a. goodman , and legal scholars alan dershowitz and lawrence lessig . <SEP> what shakespeare scholar
jacksonville is the largest city by population in the u.s. state of florida , and the largest city by area in the contiguous united states . <SEP> which florida city
jacksonville is the principal city in the jacksonville metropolitan area , with a population of 1,345,596 in 2010 . <SEP> what
consolidation gave jacksonville its great size and placed most of its metropolitan population within the city limits ; with an estimated population of 853,382 in 2014 , it is the most populous city proper in florida and the southeast , and the 12th most populous in the united states . <SEP> what
it is the county seat of duval county , with which the city government consolidated in 1968 . <SEP> in which county
it is the county seat of duval county , with which the city government consolidated in 1968 . <SEP> what year
jacksonville is in the first coast region of northeast florida and is centered on the banks of the st. johns river , about 25 miles ( 40 km ) south of the georgia state line and about 340 miles ( 550 km ) north of miami . <SEP> what river
jacksonville is in the first coast region of northeast florida and is centered on the banks of the st. johns river , about 25 miles ( 40 km ) south of the georgia state line and about 340 miles ( 550 km ) north of miami . <SEP> how far
the area was originally inhabited by the timucua people , and in 1564 was the site of the french colony of fort caroline , one of the earliest european settlements in what is now the continental united states . <SEP> what
the area was originally inhabited by the timucua people , and in 1564 was the site of the french colony of fort caroline , one of the earliest european settlements in what is now the continental united states . <SEP> by what people
a platted town was established there in 1822 , a year after the united states gained florida from spain ; it was named after andrew jackson , the first military governor of the florida territory and seventh president of the united states . <SEP> what historical figure
the two us navy bases , blount island command and the nearby naval submarine base kings bay form the third largest military presence in the united states . <SEP> what
as with much of florida , tourism is also important to the jacksonville area , particularly tourism related to golf . <SEP> what sport
the two us navy bases , blount island command and the nearby naval submarine base kings bay form the third largest military presence in the united states . <SEP> how many
people from jacksonville may be called " jacksonvillians " or " jaxsons " ( also spelled " jaxons " ) . <SEP> what
the area of the modern city of jacksonville has been inhabited for thousands of years . <SEP> where
on black hammock island in the national timucuan ecological and historic preserve , a university of north florida team discovered some of the oldest remnants of pottery in the united states , dating to 2500 bc . <SEP> who
in the 16th century , the beginning of the historical era , the region was inhabited by the mocama , a coastal subgroup of the timucua people . <SEP> what
one early map shows a village called ossachite at the site of what is now downtown jacksonville ; this may be the earliest recorded name for that area . <SEP> what
french huguenot explorer jean ribault charted the st. johns river in 1562 calling it the river of may because he discovered it in may . <SEP> who
ribault erected a stone column near present-day jacksonville claiming the newly discovered land for france . <SEP> for what nation
philip ii of spain ordered pedro menéndez de avilés to protect the interest of spain by attacking the french presence at fort caroline . <SEP> who
the spanish renamed the fort san mateo , and following the ejection of the french , st. augustine 's position as the most important settlement in florida was solidified . <SEP> what
the location of fort caroline is subject to debate but a reconstruction of the fort was established on the st. johns river in 1964 . <SEP> which fort
spain ceded florida to the british in 1763 after the french and indian war , and the british soon constructed the king 's road connecting st. augustine to georgia . <SEP> after what event
spain ceded florida to the british in 1763 after the french and indian war , and the british soon constructed the king 's road connecting st. augustine to georgia . <SEP> what
the road crossed the st. johns river at a narrow point , which the seminole called wacca pilatka and the british called the cow ford or cowford ; these names ostensibly reflect the fact that cattle were brought across the river there . <SEP> why
after spain ceded the florida territory to the united states in 1821 , american settlers on the north side of the cow ford decided to plan a town , laying out the streets and plats . <SEP> who
led by isaiah d. hart , residents wrote a charter for a town government , which was approved by the florida legislative council on february 9 , 1832 . <SEP> when
the skirmish of the brick church in 1862 just outside jacksonville proper resulted in the first confederate victory in florida . <SEP> what
in february 1864 union forces left jacksonville and confronted a confederate army at the battle of olustee resulting in a confederate victory . <SEP> after what battle
warfare and the long occupation left the city disrupted after the war . <SEP> what factors
in march 1864 a confederate cavalry confronted a union expedition resulting in the battle of cedar creek . <SEP> in what year
during reconstruction and the gilded age , jacksonville and nearby st. augustine became popular winter resorts for the rich and famous . <SEP> during which period
president grover cleveland attended the sub-tropical exposition in the city on february 22 , 1888 during his trip to florida . <SEP> which us president
the city 's tourism , however , was dealt major blows in the late 19th century by yellow fever outbreaks . <SEP> what
in addition , extension of the florida east coast railway further south drew visitors to other areas . <SEP> what
visitors arrived by steamboat and later by railroad . <SEP> what
spanish moss at a nearby mattress factory was quickly engulfed in flames and enabling the fire to spread rapidly . <SEP> what
in just eight hours , it swept through 146 city blocks , destroyed over 2,000 buildings , left about 10,000 homeless and killed 7 residents . <SEP> how many buildings
governor jennings declare martial law and sent the state militia to maintain order . <SEP> what
known as the " great fire of 1901 " , it was one of the worst disasters in florida history and the largest urban fire in the southeastern united states . <SEP> what
in the 1910s , new york–based filmmakers were attracted to jacksonville 's warm climate , exotic locations , excellent rail access , and cheap labor . <SEP> who
over the course of the decade , more than 30 silent film studios were established , earning jacksonville the title of " winter film capital of the world " . <SEP> what type of movies
the construction of highways led residents to move to newer housing in the suburbs . <SEP> what
the city 's most populous ethnic group , non-hispanic white , declined from 75.8 % in 1970 to 55.1 % by 2010 . <SEP> what
however , the development of suburbs and a subsequent wave of middle class " white flight " left jacksonville with a much poorer population than before . <SEP> what term
mayor w. haydon burns ' jacksonville story resulted in the construction of a new city hall , civic auditorium , public library and other projects that created a dynamic sense of civic pride . <SEP> who
much of the city 's tax base dissipated , leading to problems with funding education , sanitation , and traffic control within the city limits . <SEP> what
in addition , residents in unincorporated suburbs had difficulty obtaining municipal services , such as sewage and building code enforcement . <SEP> in what part of the city
in 1958 , a study recommended that the city of jacksonville begin annexing outlying communities in order to create the needed tax base to improve services throughout the county . <SEP> what
voters outside the city limits rejected annexation plans in six referendums between 1960 and 1965 . <SEP> who
in the mid-1960s , corruption scandals began to arise among many of the city 's officials , who were mainly elected through the traditional old boy network . <SEP> how
after a grand jury was convened to investigate , 11 officials were indicted and more were forced to resign . <SEP> how many city
jacksonville consolidation , led by j. daniel and claude yates , began to win more support during this period , from both inner city blacks , who wanted more involvement in government , and whites in the suburbs , who wanted more services and more control over the central city . <SEP> what political group
when a consolidation referendum was held in 1967 , voters approved the plan . <SEP> what
in honor of the occasion , then-mayor hans tanzler posed with actress lee meredith behind a sign marking the new border of the " bold new city of the south " at florida 13 and julington creek . <SEP> who
the better jacksonville plan , promoted as a blueprint for jacksonville 's future and approved by jacksonville voters in 2000 , authorized a half-penny sales tax . <SEP> what
the better jacksonville plan , promoted as a blueprint for jacksonville 's future and approved by jacksonville voters in 2000 , authorized a half-penny sales tax . <SEP> how
according to the united states census bureau , the city has a total area of 874.3 square miles ( 2,264 km2 ) , making jacksonville the largest city in land area in the contiguous united states ; of this , 86.66 % ( 757.7 sq mi or 1,962 km2 ) is land and ; 13.34 % ( 116.7 sq mi or 302 km2 ) is water . <SEP> what
the st. johns river divides the city . <SEP> what river
the trout river , a major tributary of the st. johns river , is located entirely within jacksonville . <SEP> what
according to the united states census bureau , the city has a total area of 874.3 square miles ( 2,264 km2 ) , making jacksonville the largest city in land area in the contiguous united states ; of this , 86.66 % ( 757.7 sq mi or 1,962 km2 ) is land and ; 13.34 % ( 116.7 sq mi or 302 km2 ) is water . <SEP> how much of jacksonville
jacksonville surrounds the town of baldwin . <SEP> what town
the tallest building in downtown jacksonville 's skyline is the bank of america tower , constructed in 1990 as the barnett center . <SEP> what distinction
the tallest building in downtown jacksonville 's skyline is the bank of america tower , constructed in 1990 as the barnett center . <SEP> as what
other notable structures include the 37-story wells fargo center ( with its distinctive flared base making it the defining building in the jacksonville skyline ) , originally built in 1972-74 by the independent life and accident insurance company , and the 28 floor riverplace tower which , when completed in 1967 , was the tallest precast , post-tensioned concrete structure in the world . <SEP> how many floors
other notable structures include the 37-story wells fargo center ( with its distinctive flared base making it the defining building in the jacksonville skyline ) , originally built in 1972-74 by the independent life and accident insurance company , and the 28 floor riverplace tower which , when completed in 1967 , was the tallest precast , post-tensioned concrete structure in the world . <SEP> what
like much of the south atlantic region of the united states , jacksonville has a humid subtropical climate ( köppen cfa ) , with mild weather during winters and hot and humid weather during summers . <SEP> what type of climate
seasonal rainfall is concentrated in the warmest months from may through september , while the driest months are from november through april . <SEP> when
like much of the south atlantic region of the united states , jacksonville has a humid subtropical climate ( köppen cfa ) , with mild weather during winters and hot and humid weather during summers . <SEP> how
due to jacksonville 's low latitude and coastal location , the city sees very little cold weather , and winters are typically mild and sunny . <SEP> what
the highest temperature recorded was 104 °f ( 40 °c ) on july 11 , 1879 and july 28 , 1872 . <SEP> what
it is common for thunderstorms to erupt during a typical summer afternoon . <SEP> what
these are caused by the rapid heating of the land relative to the water , combined with extremely high humidity . <SEP> what else
mean monthly temperatures range from around 53 f in january to 82 f in july . <SEP> what
the strongest effect on jacksonville was from hurricane dora in 1964 , the only recorded storm to hit the first coast with sustained hurricane-force winds . <SEP> what storm
the eye crossed st. augustine with winds that had just barely diminished to 110 mph ( 180 km/h ) , making it a strong category 2 on the saffir-simpson scale . <SEP> how fast
on may 28 , 2012 , jacksonville was hit by tropical storm beryl , packing winds up to 70 miles per hour ( 113 km/h ) which made landfall near jacksonville beach . <SEP> what
the eye crossed st. augustine with winds that had just barely diminished to 110 mph ( 180 km/h ) , making it a strong category 2 on the saffir-simpson scale . <SEP> what
jacksonville also suffered damage from 2008 's tropical storm fay which crisscrossed the state , bringing parts of jacksonville under darkness for four days . <SEP> in what year
jacksonville has the country 's tenth-largest arab population , with a total population of 5,751 according to the 2000 united states census . <SEP> what ethnic group located in jacksonville
as of 2010 [ update ] , there were 821,784 people and 366,273 households in the city . <SEP> how many residents
much of jacksonville 's filipino community served in or has ties to the united states navy . <SEP> what jacksonville community
29.7 % of all households were made up of individuals and 7.9 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . <SEP> what portion of households in jacksonville
in the city , the population was spread out with 23.9 % under the age of 18 , 10.5 % from 18 to 24 , 28.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.2 % from 45 to 64 , and 10.9 % who were 65 years of age or older . <SEP> how many of jacksonville 's city residents
for every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 91.3 males . <SEP> how many men older than 18
a study by the world institute for development economics research at united nations university reports that the richest 1 % of adults alone owned 40 % of global assets in the year 2000 . <SEP> what percentage of global assets
a january 2014 report by oxfam claims that the 85 wealthiest individuals in the world have a combined wealth equal to that of the bottom 50 % of the world 's population , or about 3.5 billion people . <SEP> how many
in october 2015 , credit suisse published a study which shows global inequality continues to increase , and that half of the world 's wealth is now in the hands of those in the top percentile , whose assets each exceed $ 759,900 . <SEP> how much
oxfam 's claims have however been questioned on the basis of the methodology used : by using net wealth ( adding up assets and subtracting debts ) , the oxfam report , for instance , finds that there are more poor people in the united states and western europe than in china ( due to a greater tendency to take on debts ) . <SEP> what
anthony shorrocks , the lead author of the credit suisse report which is one of the sources of oxfam 's data , considers the criticism about debt to be a " silly argument " and " a non-issue . a diversion . " <SEP> why
a study by the world institute for development economics research at united nations university reports that the richest 1 % of adults alone owned 40 % of global assets in the year 2000 . <SEP> what percent of the global assets in 2000
the three richest people in the world possess more financial assets than the lowest 48 nations combined . <SEP> what
the combined wealth of the " 10 million dollar millionaires " grew to nearly $ 41 trillion in 2008 . <SEP> how much
more recently , in january 2015 , oxfam reported that the wealthiest 1 percent will own more than half of the global wealth by 2016 . <SEP> how much of the global wealth
oxfam 's claims have however been questioned on the basis of the methodology used : by using net wealth ( adding up assets and subtracting debts ) , the oxfam report , for instance , finds that there are more poor people in the united states and western europe than in china ( due to a greater tendency to take on debts ) . <SEP> why
according to politifact the top 400 richest americans " have more wealth than half of all americans combined . " <SEP> how many
according to the new york times on july 22 , 2014 , the " richest 1 percent in the united states now own more wealth than the bottom 90 percent " . <SEP> what publication
inherited wealth may help explain why many americans who have become rich may have had a " substantial head start " . <SEP> what
in september 2012 , according to the institute for policy studies , " over 60 percent " of the forbes richest 400 americans " grew up in substantial privilege " . <SEP> what
according to politifact the top 400 richest americans " have more wealth than half of all americans combined . " <SEP> what
according to the new york times on july 22 , 2014 , the " richest 1 percent in the united states now own more wealth than the bottom 90 percent " . <SEP> who
inherited wealth may help explain why many americans who have become rich may have had a " substantial head start " . <SEP> what
in september 2012 , according to the institute for policy studies , " over 60 percent " of the forbes richest 400 americans " grew up in substantial privilege " . <SEP> how many of the richest 400 americans
in september 2012 , according to the institute for policy studies , " over 60 percent " of the forbes richest 400 americans " grew up in substantial privilege " . <SEP> what institute
neoclassical economics views inequalities in the distribution of income as arising from differences in value added by labor , capital and land . <SEP> what
within labor income distribution is due to differences in value added by different classifications of workers . <SEP> what impacts distribution of wealth when
thus , in a market economy , inequality is a reflection of the productivity gap between highly-paid professions and lower-paid professions . <SEP> what
in this perspective , wages and profits are determined by the marginal value added of each economic actor ( worker , capitalist/business owner , landlord ) . <SEP> how
neoclassical economics views inequalities in the distribution of income as arising from differences in value added by labor , capital and land . <SEP> what
within labor income distribution is due to differences in value added by different classifications of workers . <SEP> what
in this perspective , wages and profits are determined by the marginal value added of each economic actor ( worker , capitalist/business owner , landlord ) . <SEP> what
in this perspective , wages and profits are determined by the marginal value added of each economic actor ( worker , capitalist/business owner , landlord ) . <SEP> what
thus , in a market economy , inequality is a reflection of the productivity gap between highly-paid professions and lower-paid professions . <SEP> what
in marxian analysis , capitalist firms increasingly substitute capital equipment for labor inputs ( workers ) under competitive pressure to reduce costs and maximize profits . <SEP> what
over the long-term , this trend increases the organic composition of capital , meaning that less workers are required in proportion to capital inputs , increasing unemployment ( the " reserve army of labour " ) . <SEP> what impact
over the long-term , this trend increases the organic composition of capital , meaning that less workers are required in proportion to capital inputs , increasing unemployment ( the " reserve army of labour " ) . <SEP> when
the substitution of capital equipment for labor ( mechanization and automation ) raises the productivity of each worker , resulting in a situation of relatively stagnant wages for the working class amidst rising levels of property income for the capitalist class . <SEP> what impact
in marxian analysis , capitalist firms increasingly substitute capital equipment for labor inputs ( workers ) under competitive pressure to reduce costs and maximize profits . <SEP> what
in marxian analysis , capitalist firms increasingly substitute capital equipment for labor inputs ( workers ) under competitive pressure to reduce costs and maximize profits . <SEP> why
in marxian analysis , capitalist firms increasingly substitute capital equipment for labor inputs ( workers ) under competitive pressure to reduce costs and maximize profits . <SEP> what trend
the substitution of capital equipment for labor ( mechanization and automation ) raises the productivity of each worker , resulting in a situation of relatively stagnant wages for the working class amidst rising levels of property income for the capitalist class . <SEP> what
the substitution of capital equipment for labor ( mechanization and automation ) raises the productivity of each worker , resulting in a situation of relatively stagnant wages for the working class amidst rising levels of property income for the capitalist class . <SEP> what type of wages
in a purely capitalist mode of production ( i.e . where professional and labor organizations can not limit the number of workers ) the workers wages will not be controlled by these organizations , or by the employer , but rather by the market . <SEP> what
under the law of supply and demand , the price of skill is determined by a race between the demand for the skilled worker and the supply of the skilled worker . <SEP> under what law
employers who offer a below market wage will find that their business is chronically understaffed . <SEP> what
" markets , by themselves , even when they are stable , often lead to high levels of inequality , outcomes that are widely viewed as unfair . " <SEP> how
in a purely capitalist mode of production ( i.e . where professional and labor organizations can not limit the number of workers ) the workers wages will not be controlled by these organizations , or by the employer , but rather by the market . <SEP> what
wages work in the same way as prices for any other good . <SEP> what
thus , wages can be considered as a function of market price of skill . <SEP> what
" on the other hand , markets can also concentrate wealth , pass environmental costs on to society , and abuse workers and consumers . " <SEP> what
" markets , by themselves , even when they are stable , often lead to high levels of inequality , outcomes that are widely viewed as unfair . " <SEP> what type of outcomes
competition amongst workers tends to drive down wages due to the expendable nature of the worker in relation to his or her particular job . <SEP> what
a job where there are many workers willing to work a large amount of time ( high supply ) competing for a job that few require ( low demand ) will result in a low wage for that job . <SEP> when
a job where there are few able or willing workers ( low supply ) , but a large need for the positions ( high demand ) , will result in high wages for that job . <SEP> what
members may also receive higher wages through collective bargaining , political influence , or corruption . <SEP> what
professional and labor organizations may limit the supply of workers which results in higher demand and greater incomes for members . <SEP> who
a job where there are many workers willing to work a large amount of time ( high supply ) competing for a job that few require ( low demand ) will result in a low wage for that job . <SEP> what
this is because competition between workers drives down the wage . <SEP> what drives down wages in a job with many workers willing
competition amongst workers tends to drive down wages due to the expendable nature of the worker in relation to his or her particular job . <SEP> why
a job where there are few able or willing workers ( low supply ) , but a large need for the positions ( high demand ) , will result in high wages for that job . <SEP> what type of wages
competition amongst employers tends to drive up wages due to the nature of the job , since there is a relative shortage of workers for the particular position . <SEP> whose competition drives wages
on the other hand , higher economic inequality tends to increase entrepreneurship rates at the individual level ( self-employment ) . <SEP> what
necessity-based entrepreneurship is motivated by survival needs such as income for food and shelter ( " push " motivations ) , whereas opportunity-based entrepreneurship is driven by achievement-oriented motivations ( " pull " ) such as vocation and more likely to involve the pursue of new products , services , or underserved market needs . <SEP> what type of motivators
necessity-based entrepreneurship is motivated by survival needs such as income for food and shelter ( " push " motivations ) , whereas opportunity-based entrepreneurship is driven by achievement-oriented motivations ( " pull " ) such as vocation and more likely to involve the pursue of new products , services , or underserved market needs . <SEP> what type of motivators
necessity-based entrepreneurship is motivated by survival needs such as income for food and shelter ( " push " motivations ) , whereas opportunity-based entrepreneurship is driven by achievement-oriented motivations ( " pull " ) such as vocation and more likely to involve the pursue of new products , services , or underserved market needs . <SEP> what type of entrepreneurship
on the other hand , higher economic inequality tends to increase entrepreneurship rates at the individual level ( self-employment ) . <SEP> what
however , most of it is often based on necessity rather than opportunity . <SEP> what
necessity-based entrepreneurship is motivated by survival needs such as income for food and shelter ( " push " motivations ) , whereas opportunity-based entrepreneurship is driven by achievement-oriented motivations ( " pull " ) such as vocation and more likely to involve the pursue of new products , services , or underserved market needs . <SEP> what motivation
the economic impact of the former type of entrepreneurialism tends to be redistributive while the latter is expected to foster technological progress and thus have a more positive impact on economic growth . <SEP> what type of impact
a progressive tax is a tax by which the tax rate increases as the taxable base amount increases . <SEP> what
in a progressive tax system , the level of the top tax rate will often have a direct impact on the level of inequality within a society , either increasing it or decreasing it , provided that income does not change as a result of the change in tax regime . <SEP> what tax
additionally , steeper tax progressivity applied to social spending can result in a more equal distribution of income across the board . <SEP> what
another cause is the rate at which income is taxed coupled with the progressivity of the tax system . <SEP> what system
a progressive tax is a tax by which the tax rate increases as the taxable base amount increases . <SEP> what
in a progressive tax system , the level of the top tax rate will often have a direct impact on the level of inequality within a society , either increasing it or decreasing it , provided that income does not change as a result of the change in tax regime . <SEP> what
additionally , steeper tax progressivity applied to social spending can result in a more equal distribution of income across the board . <SEP> what
the difference between the gini index for an income distribution before taxation and the gini index after taxation is an indicator for the effects of such taxation . <SEP> what index
as a result , those who are unable to afford an education , or choose not to pursue optional education , generally receive much lower wages . <SEP> what
as a result , those who are unable to afford an education , or choose not to pursue optional education , generally receive much lower wages . <SEP> what
conversely , education raises incomes and promotes growth because it helps to unleash the productive potential of the poor . <SEP> who
the justification for this is that a lack of education leads directly to lower incomes , and thus lower aggregate savings and investment . <SEP> what
an important factor in the creation of inequality is variation in individuals ' access to education . <SEP> what
education , especially in an area where there is a high demand for workers , creates high wages for those with this education , however , increases in education first increase and then decrease growth as well as income inequality . <SEP> what
as a result , those who are unable to afford an education , or choose not to pursue optional education , generally receive much lower wages . <SEP> what type of wages
the justification for this is that a lack of education leads directly to lower incomes , and thus lower aggregate savings and investment . <SEP> what
conversely , education raises incomes and promotes growth because it helps to unleash the productive potential of the poor . <SEP> what
to partially remedy the wealth gap and the resulting slow growth , s & p recommended increasing access to education . <SEP> what
it estimated that if the average united states worker had completed just one more year of school , it would add an additional $ 105 billion in growth to the country 's economy over five years . <SEP> how much potential economic growth
in 2014 , economists with the standard & poor 's rating agency concluded that the widening disparity between the u.s. 's wealthiest citizens and the rest of the nation had slowed its recovery from the 2008-2009 recession and made it more prone to boom-and-bust cycles . <SEP> what
in 2014 , economists with the standard & poor 's rating agency concluded that the widening disparity between the u.s. 's wealthiest citizens and the rest of the nation had slowed its recovery from the 2008-2009 recession and made it more prone to boom-and-bust cycles . <SEP> who
in 2014 , economists with the standard & poor 's rating agency concluded that the widening disparity between the u.s. 's wealthiest citizens and the rest of the nation had slowed its recovery from the 2008-2009 recession and made it more prone to boom-and-bust cycles . <SEP> when
in 2014 , economists with the standard & poor 's rating agency concluded that the widening disparity between the u.s. 's wealthiest citizens and the rest of the nation had slowed its recovery from the 2008-2009 recession and made it more prone to boom-and-bust cycles . <SEP> when
to partially remedy the wealth gap and the resulting slow growth , s & p recommended increasing access to education . <SEP> what
it estimated that if the average united states worker had completed just one more year of school , it would add an additional $ 105 billion in growth to the country 's economy over five years . <SEP> what amount of growth
in 2014 , economists with the standard & poor 's rating agency concluded that the widening disparity between the u.s. 's wealthiest citizens and the rest of the nation had slowed its recovery from the 2008-2009 recession and made it more prone to boom-and-bust cycles . <SEP> what
during the mass high school education movement from 1910–1940 , there was an increase in skilled workers , which led to a decrease in the price of skilled labor . <SEP> when
during the mass high school education movement from 1910–1940 , there was an increase in skilled workers , which led to a decrease in the price of skilled labor . <SEP> what impact
during the mass high school education movement from 1910–1940 , there was an increase in skilled workers , which led to a decrease in the price of skilled labor . <SEP> what impact
lagerlof and galor stated that gender inequality in education can result to low economic growth , and continued gender inequality in education , thus creating a poverty trap . <SEP> what
this decrease in wages caused a period of compression and decreased inequality between skilled and unskilled workers . <SEP> what
during the mass high school education movement from 1910–1940 , there was an increase in skilled workers , which led to a decrease in the price of skilled labor . <SEP> when
during the mass high school education movement from 1910–1940 , there was an increase in skilled workers , which led to a decrease in the price of skilled labor . <SEP> what
high school education during the period was designed to equip students with necessary skill sets to be able to perform at work . <SEP> how
education is very important for the growth of the economy , however educational inequality in gender also influence towards the economy . <SEP> what
lagerlof and galor stated that gender inequality in education can result to low economic growth , and continued gender inequality in education , thus creating a poverty trap . <SEP> what
in an analysis of the effects of intensive anglo-american liberal policies in comparison to continental european liberalism , where unions have remained strong , they concluded " the u.s. economic and social model is associated with substantial levels of social exclusion , including high levels of income inequality , high relative and absolute poverty rates , poor and unequal educational outcomes , poor health outcomes , and high rates of crime and incarceration . <SEP> what types of organizations
despite popular prejudices to the contrary , the u.s. economy consistently affords a lower level of economic mobility than all the continental european countries for which data is available . " <SEP> which set of countries
at the same time , the available evidence provides little support for the view that u.s.-style labor-market flexibility dramatically improves labor-market outcomes . <SEP> how much support
in an analysis of the effects of intensive anglo-american liberal policies in comparison to continental european liberalism , where unions have remained strong , they concluded " the u.s. economic and social model is associated with substantial levels of social exclusion , including high levels of income inequality , high relative and absolute poverty rates , poor and unequal educational outcomes , poor health outcomes , and high rates of crime and incarceration . <SEP> under which policy
john schmitt and ben zipperer ( 2006 ) of the cepr point to economic liberalism and the reduction of business regulation along with the decline of union membership as one of the causes of economic inequality . <SEP> what
in an analysis of the effects of intensive anglo-american liberal policies in comparison to continental european liberalism , where unions have remained strong , they concluded " the u.s. economic and social model is associated with substantial levels of social exclusion , including high levels of income inequality , high relative and absolute poverty rates , poor and unequal educational outcomes , poor health outcomes , and high rates of crime and incarceration . <SEP> what
john schmitt and ben zipperer ( 2006 ) of the cepr point to economic liberalism and the reduction of business regulation along with the decline of union membership as one of the causes of economic inequality . <SEP> what organization
at the same time , the available evidence provides little support for the view that u.s.-style labor-market flexibility dramatically improves labor-market outcomes . <SEP> how much support
despite popular prejudices to the contrary , the u.s. economy consistently affords a lower level of economic mobility than all the continental european countries for which data is available . " <SEP> what level of economic mobility
he points out that nations with high rates of unionization , particularly in scandinavia , have very low levels of inequality , and concludes " the historical pattern is clear ; the cross-national pattern is clear : high inequality goes hand-in-hand with weak labor movements and vice-versa . " <SEP> what country
he points out that nations with high rates of unionization , particularly in scandinavia , have very low levels of inequality , and concludes " the historical pattern is clear ; the cross-national pattern is clear : high inequality goes hand-in-hand with weak labor movements and vice-versa . " <SEP> what
sociologist jake rosenfield of the university of washington asserts that the decline of organized labor in the united states has played a more significant role in expanding the income gap than technological changes and globalization , which were also experienced by other industrialized nations that did n't experience steep surges in inequality . <SEP> what
sociologist jake rosenfield of the university of washington asserts that the decline of organized labor in the united states has played a more significant role in expanding the income gap than technological changes and globalization , which were also experienced by other industrialized nations that did n't experience steep surges in inequality . <SEP> what
sociologist jake rosenfield of the university of washington asserts that the decline of organized labor in the united states has played a more significant role in expanding the income gap than technological changes and globalization , which were also experienced by other industrialized nations that did n't experience steep surges in inequality . <SEP> what
sociologist jake rosenfield of the university of washington asserts that the decline of organized labor in the united states has played a more significant role in expanding the income gap than technological changes and globalization , which were also experienced by other industrialized nations that did n't experience steep surges in inequality . <SEP> what college
sociologist jake rosenfield of the university of washington asserts that the decline of organized labor in the united states has played a more significant role in expanding the income gap than technological changes and globalization , which were also experienced by other industrialized nations that did n't experience steep surges in inequality . <SEP> what
he points out that nations with high rates of unionization , particularly in scandinavia , have very low levels of inequality , and concludes " the historical pattern is clear ; the cross-national pattern is clear : high inequality goes hand-in-hand with weak labor movements and vice-versa . " <SEP> what rate of unionization
he points out that nations with high rates of unionization , particularly in scandinavia , have very low levels of inequality , and concludes " the historical pattern is clear ; the cross-national pattern is clear : high inequality goes hand-in-hand with weak labor movements and vice-versa . " <SEP> what
when rich countries trade with poor countries , the low-skilled workers in the rich countries may see reduced wages as a result of the competition , while low-skilled workers in the poor countries may see increased wages . <SEP> what effect
when rich countries trade with poor countries , the low-skilled workers in the rich countries may see reduced wages as a result of the competition , while low-skilled workers in the poor countries may see increased wages . <SEP> what effect
however , he concedes that the effect of trade on inequality in america is minor when compared to other causes , such as technological innovation , a view shared by other experts . <SEP> what
robert lawrence argues that technological innovation and automation has meant that low-skilled jobs have been replaced by machine labor in wealthier nations , and that wealthier countries no longer have significant numbers of low-skilled manufacturing workers that could be affected by competition from poor countries . <SEP> what
trade liberalization may shift economic inequality from a global to a domestic scale . <SEP> what scale
when rich countries trade with poor countries , the low-skilled workers in the rich countries may see reduced wages as a result of the competition , while low-skilled workers in the poor countries may see increased wages . <SEP> when rich countries
trade economist paul krugman estimates that trade liberalisation has had a measurable effect on the rising inequality in the united states . <SEP> what
however , he concedes that the effect of trade on inequality in america is minor when compared to other causes , such as technological innovation , a view shared by other experts . <SEP> what
robert lawrence argues that technological innovation and automation has meant that low-skilled jobs have been replaced by machine labor in wealthier nations , and that wealthier countries no longer have significant numbers of low-skilled manufacturing workers that could be affected by competition from poor countries . <SEP> what
the income gap in other countries ranges from 53 % in botswana to -40 % in bahrain . <SEP> what
the income gap in other countries ranges from 53 % in botswana to -40 % in bahrain . <SEP> what
in many countries , there is a gender pay gap in favor of males in the labor market . <SEP> who
in many countries , there is a gender pay gap in favor of males in the labor market . <SEP> what kind of pay gap
in many countries , there is a gender pay gap in favor of males in the labor market . <SEP> who
on average , women are more likely than men to consider factors other than pay when looking for work , and may be less willing to travel or relocate . <SEP> what gender
thomas sowell , in his book knowledge and decisions , claims that this difference is due to women not taking jobs due to marriage or pregnancy , but income studies show that does not explain the entire difference . <SEP> who
a u.s. census 's report stated that in us once other factors are accounted for there is still a difference in earnings between women and men . <SEP> what
eventually , through various possible redistribution mechanisms such as social welfare programs , more developed countries move back to lower levels of inequality . <SEP> what types of programs
according to kuznets , countries with low levels of development have relatively equal distributions of wealth . <SEP> what
as a country develops , it acquires more capital , which leads to the owners of this capital having more wealth and income and introducing inequality . <SEP> what
eventually , through various possible redistribution mechanisms such as social welfare programs , more developed countries move back to lower levels of inequality . <SEP> what
economist simon kuznets argued that levels of economic inequality are in large part the result of stages of development . <SEP> what profession
economist simon kuznets argued that levels of economic inequality are in large part the result of stages of development . <SEP> what
as a country develops , it acquires more capital , which leads to the owners of this capital having more wealth and income and introducing inequality . <SEP> what
as a country develops , it acquires more capital , which leads to the owners of this capital having more wealth and income and introducing inequality . <SEP> what
eventually , through various possible redistribution mechanisms such as social welfare programs , more developed countries move back to lower levels of inequality . <SEP> what
as an example , income inequality did fall in the united states during its high school movement from 1910 to 1940 and thereafter . <SEP> during what time period
[ citation needed ] however , recent data shows that the level of income inequality began to rise after the 1970s . <SEP> when
[ citation needed ] it may be possible that another kuznets ' cycle is occurring , specifically the move from the manufacturing sector to the service sector . <SEP> in what sector
[ citation needed ] it may be possible that another kuznets ' cycle is occurring , specifically the move from the manufacturing sector to the service sector . <SEP> in what sector
plotting the relationship between level of income and inequality , kuznets saw middle-income developing economies level of inequality bulging out to form what is now known as the kuznets curve . <SEP> who
plotting the relationship between level of income and inequality , kuznets saw middle-income developing economies level of inequality bulging out to form what is now known as the kuznets curve . <SEP> what
however , more recent testing of this theory with superior panel data has shown it to be very weak . <SEP> what
kuznets ' curve predicts that income inequality will eventually decrease given time . <SEP> what
[ citation needed ] this implies that it may be possible for multiple kuznets ' cycles to be in effect at any given time . <SEP> what
wealth concentration is a theoretical [ according to whom ? ] <SEP> what process
according to this theory , those who already hold wealth have the means to invest in new sources of creating wealth or to otherwise leverage the accumulation of wealth , thus are the beneficiaries of the new wealth . <SEP> what
process by which , under certain conditions , newly created wealth concentrates in the possession of already-wealthy individuals or entities . <SEP> where
according to this theory , those who already hold wealth have the means to invest in new sources of creating wealth or to otherwise leverage the accumulation of wealth , thus are the beneficiaries of the new wealth . <SEP> who
over time , wealth condensation can significantly contribute to the persistence of inequality within society . <SEP> what
thomas piketty in his book capital in the twenty-first century argues that the fundamental force for divergence is the usually greater return of capital ( r ) than economic growth ( g ) , and that larger fortunes generate higher returns [ pp . 384 table 12.2 , u.s. university endowment size vs. real annual rate of return ] <SEP> who
thomas piketty in his book capital in the twenty-first century argues that the fundamental force for divergence is the usually greater return of capital ( r ) than economic growth ( g ) , and that larger fortunes generate higher returns [ pp . 384 table 12.2 , u.s. university endowment size vs. real annual rate of return ] <SEP> what
economist joseph stiglitz argues that rather than explaining concentrations of wealth and income , market forces should serve as a brake on such concentration , which may better be explained by the non-market force known as " rent-seeking " . <SEP> what forces
economist joseph stiglitz argues that rather than explaining concentrations of wealth and income , market forces should serve as a brake on such concentration , which may better be explained by the non-market force known as " rent-seeking " . <SEP> what career
while the market will bid up compensation for rare and desired skills to reward wealth creation , greater productivity , etc. , it will also prevent successful entrepreneurs from earning excess profits by fostering competition to cut prices , profits and large compensation . <SEP> what type of skills
a better explainer of growing inequality , according to stiglitz , is the use of political power generated by wealth by certain groups to shape government policies financially beneficial to them . <SEP> what
effects of inequality researchers have found include higher rates of health and social problems , and lower rates of social goods , a lower level of economic utility in society from resources devoted on high-end consumption , and even a lower level of economic growth when human capital is neglected for high-end consumption . <SEP> why
for the top 21 industrialised countries , counting each person equally , life expectancy is lower in more unequal countries ( r = -.907 ) . <SEP> what
effects of inequality researchers have found include higher rates of health and social problems , and lower rates of social goods , a lower level of economic utility in society from resources devoted on high-end consumption , and even a lower level of economic growth when human capital is neglected for high-end consumption . <SEP> what
for the top 21 industrialised countries , counting each person equally , life expectancy is lower in more unequal countries ( r = -.907 ) . <SEP> in u.s. states , what
2013 economics nobel prize winner robert j. shiller said that rising inequality in the united states and elsewhere is the most important problem . <SEP> what year
2013 economics nobel prize winner robert j. shiller said that rising inequality in the united states and elsewhere is the most important problem . <SEP> what
unemployment can harm growth not only because it is a waste of resources , but also because it generates redistributive pressures and subsequent distortions , drives people to poverty , constrains liquidity limiting labor mobility , and erodes self-esteem promoting social dislocation , unrest and conflict . <SEP> what
policies aiming at controlling unemployment and in particular at reducing its inequality-associated effects support economic growth . <SEP> which
british researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett have found higher rates of health and social problems ( obesity , mental illness , homicides , teenage births , incarceration , child conflict , drug use ) , and lower rates of social goods ( life expectancy by country , educational performance , trust among strangers , women 's status , social mobility , even numbers of patents issued ) in countries and states with higher inequality . <SEP> what nationality
british researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett have found higher rates of health and social problems ( obesity , mental illness , homicides , teenage births , incarceration , child conflict , drug use ) , and lower rates of social goods ( life expectancy by country , educational performance , trust among strangers , women 's status , social mobility , even numbers of patents issued ) in countries and states with higher inequality . <SEP> what rates of health and social problems
british researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett have found higher rates of health and social problems ( obesity , mental illness , homicides , teenage births , incarceration , child conflict , drug use ) , and lower rates of social goods ( life expectancy by country , educational performance , trust among strangers , women 's status , social mobility , even numbers of patents issued ) in countries and states with higher inequality . <SEP> how
using statistics from 23 developed countries and the 50 states of the us , they found social/health problems lower in countries like japan and finland and states like utah and new hampshire with high levels of equality , than in countries ( us and uk ) and states ( mississippi and new york ) with large differences in household income . <SEP> how many
for most of human history higher material living standards – full stomachs , access to clean water and warmth from fuel – led to better health and longer lives . <SEP> what
this pattern of higher incomes-longer lives still holds among poorer countries , where life expectancy increases rapidly as per capita income increases , but in recent decades it has slowed down among middle income countries and plateaued among the richest thirty or so countries in the world . <SEP> where
this pattern of higher incomes-longer lives still holds among poorer countries , where life expectancy increases rapidly as per capita income increases , but in recent decades it has slowed down among middle income countries and plateaued among the richest thirty or so countries in the world . <SEP> what
americans live no longer on average ( about 77 years in 2004 ) than greeks ( 78 years ) or new zealanders ( 78 ) , though the usa has a higher gdp per capita . <SEP> who
life expectancy in sweden ( 80 years ) and japan ( 82 ) – where income was more equally distributed – was longer . <SEP> how
in recent years the characteristic that has strongly correlated with health in developed countries is income inequality . <SEP> what characteristic in recent years
creating an index of " health and social problems " from nine factors , authors richard wilkinson and kate pickett found health and social problems " more common in countries with bigger income inequalities " , and more common among states in the us with larger income inequalities . <SEP> who
creating an index of " health and social problems " from nine factors , authors richard wilkinson and kate pickett found health and social problems " more common in countries with bigger income inequalities " , and more common among states in the us with larger income inequalities . <SEP> how many factors of health and social problems
creating an index of " health and social problems " from nine factors , authors richard wilkinson and kate pickett found health and social problems " more common in countries with bigger income inequalities " , and more common among states in the us with larger income inequalities . <SEP> where
the unicef index of " child well-being in rich countries " , studying 40 indicators in 22 countries , correlates with greater equality but not per capita income . <SEP> what
crime rate has also been shown to be correlated with inequality in society . <SEP> what
most studies looking into the relationship have concentrated on homicides – since homicides are almost identically defined across all nations and jurisdictions . <SEP> what
there have been over fifty studies showing tendencies for violence to be more common in societies where income differences are larger . <SEP> how many
they estimated that about half of all variation in homicide rates can be accounted for by differences in the amount of inequality in each province or state . <SEP> what
daly et al . 2001 found that among u.s states and canadian provinces there is a tenfold difference in homicide rates related to inequality . <SEP> how much of a difference in homicide rates
following the utilitarian principle of seeking the greatest good for the greatest number – economic inequality is problematic . <SEP> what
a house that provides less utility to a millionaire as a summer home than it would to a homeless family of five , is an example of reduced " distributive efficiency " within society , that decreases marginal utility of wealth and thus the sum total of personal utility . <SEP> that
thus , the marginal utility of wealth per person ( " the additional dollar " ) decreases as a person becomes richer . <SEP> what
from this standpoint , for any given amount of wealth in society , a society with more equality will have higher aggregate utility . <SEP> what
conservative researchers have argued that income inequality is not significant because consumption , rather than income should be the measure of inequality , and inequality of consumption is less extreme than inequality of income in the us . <SEP> what
will wilkinson of the libertarian cato institute states that " the weight of the evidence shows that the run-up in consumption inequality has been considerably less dramatic than the rise in income inequality , " and consumption is more important than income . <SEP> what political
according to johnson , smeeding , and tory , consumption inequality was actually lower in 2001 than it was in 1986 . <SEP> when
the debate is summarized in " the hidden prosperity of the poor " by journalist thomas b. edsall . <SEP> what
central banking economist raghuram rajan argues that " systematic economic inequalities , within the united states and around the world , have created deep financial 'fault lines ' that have made [ financial ] crises more likely to happen than in the past " – the financial crisis of 2007–08 being the most recent example . <SEP> what
central banking economist raghuram rajan argues that " systematic economic inequalities , within the united states and around the world , have created deep financial 'fault lines ' that have made [ financial ] crises more likely to happen than in the past " – the financial crisis of 2007–08 being the most recent example . <SEP> what
central banking economist raghuram rajan argues that " systematic economic inequalities , within the united states and around the world , have created deep financial 'fault lines ' that have made [ financial ] crises more likely to happen than in the past " – the financial crisis of 2007–08 being the most recent example . <SEP> what
to compensate for stagnating and declining purchasing power , political pressure has developed to extend easier credit to the lower and middle income earners – particularly to buy homes – and easier credit in general to keep unemployment rates low . <SEP> what
according to international monetary fund economists , inequality in wealth and income is negatively correlated with the duration of economic growth spells ( not the rate of growth ) . <SEP> what
high levels of inequality prevent not just economic prosperity , but also the quality of a country 's institutions and high levels of education . <SEP> what
according to imf staff economists , " if the income share of the top 20 percent ( the rich ) increases , then gdp growth actually declines over the medium term , suggesting that the benefits do not trickle down . <SEP> what
in contrast , an increase in the income share of the bottom 20 percent ( the poor ) is associated with higher gdp growth . <SEP> what
the poor and the middle class matter the most for growth via a number of interrelated economic , social , and political channels . " <SEP> who
according to economists david castells-quintana and vicente royuela , increasing inequality harms economic growth . <SEP> what
according to economists david castells-quintana and vicente royuela , increasing inequality harms economic growth . <SEP> what
high and persistent unemployment , in which inequality increases , has a negative effect on subsequent long-run economic growth . <SEP> what
unemployment can harm growth not only because it is a waste of resources , but also because it generates redistributive pressures and subsequent distortions , drives people to poverty , constrains liquidity limiting labor mobility , and erodes self-esteem promoting social dislocation , unrest and conflict . <SEP> why
policies aiming at controlling unemployment and in particular at reducing its inequality-associated effects support economic growth . <SEP> which
economist joseph stiglitz presented evidence in 2009 that both global inequality and inequality within countries prevent growth by limiting aggregate demand . <SEP> what
economist joseph stiglitz presented evidence in 2009 that both global inequality and inequality within countries prevent growth by limiting aggregate demand . <SEP> how
economist branko milanovic , wrote in 2001 that , " the view that income inequality harms growth – or that improved equality can help sustain growth – has become more widely held in recent years . <SEP> what
... the main reason for this shift is the increasing importance of human capital in development . <SEP> what
but now that human capital is scarcer than machines , widespread education has become the secret to growth . " <SEP> what
in 1993 , galor and zeira showed that inequality in the presence of credit market imperfections has a long lasting detrimental effect on human capital formation and economic development . <SEP> when
a 1996 study by perotti examined the channels through which inequality may affect economic growth . <SEP> what
he found that inequality is associated with higher levels of redistributive taxation , which is associated with lower levels of growth from reductions in private savings and investment . <SEP> what
also , very unequal societies tend to be politically and socially unstable , which is reflected in lower rates of investment and therefore growth . " <SEP> what
according to work by barro in 1999 and 2000 , high levels of inequality reduce growth in relatively poor countries but encourage growth in richer countries . <SEP> what
according to work by barro in 1999 and 2000 , high levels of inequality reduce growth in relatively poor countries but encourage growth in richer countries . <SEP> what
research by harvard economist robert barro , found that there is " little overall relation between income inequality and rates of growth and investment " . <SEP> what institution
a study of swedish counties between 1960 and 2000 found a positive impact of inequality on growth with lead times of five years or less , but no correlation after ten years . <SEP> when
studies on income inequality and growth have sometimes found evidence confirming the kuznets curve hypothesis , which states that with economic development , inequality first increases , then decreases . <SEP> what
economist thomas piketty challenges this notion , claiming that from 1914 to 1945 wars and " violent economic and political shocks " reduced inequality . <SEP> who
economist thomas piketty challenges this notion , claiming that from 1914 to 1945 wars and " violent economic and political shocks " reduced inequality . <SEP> what
economist thomas piketty challenges this notion , claiming that from 1914 to 1945 wars and " violent economic and political shocks " reduced inequality . <SEP> what
some theories developed in the 1970s established possible avenues through which inequality may have a positive effect on economic development . <SEP> when
a 2013 report on nigeria suggests that growth has risen with increased income inequality . <SEP> what
analyses based on comparing yearly equality figures to yearly growth rates were misleading because it takes several years for effects to manifest as changes to economic growth . <SEP> how long
developing countries with high inequality have " succeeded in initiating growth at high rates for a few years " but " longer growth spells are robustly associated with more equality in the income distribution . " <SEP> what
while acknowledging the central role economic growth can potentially play in human development , poverty reduction and the achievement of the millennium development goals , it is becoming widely understood amongst the development community that special efforts must be made to ensure poorer sections of society are able to participate in economic growth . <SEP> what
the effect of economic growth on poverty reduction – the growth elasticity of poverty – can depend on the existing level of inequality . <SEP> what
for instance , with low inequality a country with a growth rate of 2 % per head and 40 % of its population living in poverty , can halve poverty in ten years , but a country with high inequality would take nearly 60 years to achieve the same reduction . <SEP> what
in the words of the secretary general of the united nations ban ki-moon : " while economic growth is necessary , it is not sufficient for progress on reducing poverty . " <SEP> what
in the words of the secretary general of the united nations ban ki-moon : " while economic growth is necessary , it is not sufficient for progress on reducing poverty . " <SEP> what
in many poor and developing countries much land and housing is held outside the formal or legal property ownership registration system . <SEP> what
much unregistered property is held in informal form through various associations and other arrangements . <SEP> how
reasons for extra-legal ownership include excessive bureaucratic red tape in buying property and building , in some countries it can take over 200 steps and up to 14 years to build on government land . <SEP> in some countries over how many steps
reasons for extra-legal ownership include excessive bureaucratic red tape in buying property and building , in some countries it can take over 200 steps and up to 14 years to build on government land . <SEP> what
a number of researchers ( david rodda , jacob vigdor , and janna matlack ) , argue that a shortage of affordable housing – at least in the us – is caused in part by income inequality . <SEP> what
david rodda noted that from 1984 and 1991 , the number of quality rental units decreased as the demand for higher quality housing increased ( rhoda 1994:148 ) . <SEP> what
david rodda noted that from 1984 and 1991 , the number of quality rental units decreased as the demand for higher quality housing increased ( rhoda 1994:148 ) . <SEP> why
through gentrification of older neighbourhoods , for example , in east new york , rental prices increased rapidly as landlords found new residents willing to pay higher market rate for housing and left lower income families without rental units . <SEP> what
the ad valorem property tax policy combined with rising prices made it difficult or impossible for low income residents to keep pace . <SEP> what combined
firstly , certain costs are difficult to avoid and are shared by everyone , such as the costs of housing , pensions , education and health care . <SEP> how
if the state does not provide these services , then for those on lower incomes , the costs must be borrowed and often those on lower incomes are those who are worse equipped to manage their finances . <SEP> what
secondly , aspirational consumption describes the process of middle income earners aspiring to achieve the standards of living enjoyed by their wealthier counterparts and one method of achieving this aspiration is by taking on debt . <SEP> what
secondly , aspirational consumption describes the process of middle income earners aspiring to achieve the standards of living enjoyed by their wealthier counterparts and one method of achieving this aspiration is by taking on debt . <SEP> what
the result leads to even greater inequality and potential economic instability . <SEP> when
the smaller the economic inequality , the more waste and pollution is created , resulting in many cases , in more environmental degradation . <SEP> when
if ( as wwf argued ) , population levels would start to drop to a sustainable level ( 1/3 of current levels , so about 2 billion people ) , human inequality can be addressed/corrected , while still not resulting in an increase of environmental damage . <SEP> how
socialists attribute the vast disparities in wealth to the private ownership of the means of production by a class of owners , creating a situation where a small portion of the population lives off unearned property income by virtue of ownership titles in capital equipment , financial assets and corporate stock . <SEP> what
socialists attribute the vast disparities in wealth to the private ownership of the means of production by a class of owners , creating a situation where a small portion of the population lives off unearned property income by virtue of ownership titles in capital equipment , financial assets and corporate stock . <SEP> what
by contrast , the vast majority of the population is dependent on income in the form of a wage or salary . <SEP> what type of income
in order to rectify this situation , socialists argue that the means of production should be socially owned so that income differentials would be reflective of individual contributions to the social product . <SEP> how
in order to rectify this situation , socialists argue that the means of production should be socially owned so that income differentials would be reflective of individual contributions to the social product . <SEP> what
robert nozick argued that government redistributes wealth by force ( usually in the form of taxation ) , and that the ideal moral society would be one where all individuals are free from force . <SEP> who
robert nozick argued that government redistributes wealth by force ( usually in the form of taxation ) , and that the ideal moral society would be one where all individuals are free from force . <SEP> what
robert nozick argued that government redistributes wealth by force ( usually in the form of taxation ) , and that the ideal moral society would be one where all individuals are free from force . <SEP> what
however , nozick recognized that some modern economic inequalities were the result of forceful taking of property , and a certain amount of redistribution would be justified to compensate for this force but not because of the inequalities themselves . <SEP> how
john rawls argued in a theory of justice that inequalities in the distribution of wealth are only justified when they improve society as a whole , including the poorest members . <SEP> when
the capabilities approach – sometimes called the human development approach – looks at income inequality and poverty as form of “ capability deprivation ” . <SEP> what
its goal is to “ wid [ en ] people ’ s choices and the level of their achieved well-being ” through increasing functionings ( the things a person values doing ) , capabilities ( the freedom to enjoy functionings ) and agency ( the ability to pursue valued goals ) . <SEP> what
its goal is to “ wid [ en ] people ’ s choices and the level of their achieved well-being ” through increasing functionings ( the things a person values doing ) , capabilities ( the freedom to enjoy functionings ) and agency ( the ability to pursue valued goals ) . <SEP> how
its goal is to “ wid [ en ] people ’ s choices and the level of their achieved well-being ” through increasing functionings ( the things a person values doing ) , capabilities ( the freedom to enjoy functionings ) and agency ( the ability to pursue valued goals ) . <SEP> what
when a person ’ s capabilities are lowered , they are in some way deprived of earning as much income as they would otherwise . <SEP> what
an old , ill man can not earn as much as a healthy young man ; gender roles and customs may prevent a woman from receiving an education or working outside the home . <SEP> what
there may be an epidemic that causes widespread panic , or there could be rampant violence in the area that prevents people from going to work for fear of their lives . <SEP> why
to prevent such inequality , this approach believes it ’ s important to have political freedom , economic facilities , social opportunities , transparency guarantees , and protective security to ensure that people aren ’ t denied their functionings , capabilities , and agency and can thus work towards a better relevant income . <SEP> what
doctor who is a british science-fiction television programme produced by the bbc since 1963 . <SEP> who
doctor who is a british science-fiction television programme produced by the bbc since 1963 . <SEP> what year
he explores the universe in his tardis , a sentient time-travelling space ship . <SEP> what
doctor who is a british science-fiction television programme produced by the bbc since 1963 . <SEP> what type/genre of tv show
the programme originally ran from 1963 to 1989 . <SEP> in what
the programme was relaunched in 2005 by russell t davies , who was showrunner and head writer for the first five years of its revival , produced in-house by bbc wales in cardiff . <SEP> who
doctor who also spawned spin-offs in multiple media , including torchwood ( 2006–2011 ) and the sarah jane adventures ( 2007–2011 ) , both created by russell t davies ; k-9 ( 2009–2010 ) ; and a single pilot episode of k-9 and company ( 1981 ) . <SEP> what doctor
the programme was relaunched in 2005 by russell t davies , who was showrunner and head writer for the first five years of its revival , produced in-house by bbc wales in cardiff . <SEP> who
the first series of the 21st century featured christopher eccleston in the title role and was produced by the bbc . <SEP> who
twelve actors have headlined the series as the doctor . <SEP> how many actors
peter capaldi took on the role after matt smith 's exit in the 2013 christmas special " the time of the doctor " . <SEP> who
peter capaldi took on the role after matt smith 's exit in the 2013 christmas special " the time of the doctor " . <SEP> which episode
the show 's premise is that this is a life process of time lords through which the character of the doctor takes on a new body and , to some extent , new personality , which occurs after sustaining an injury which would be fatal to most other species . <SEP> when
the show 's premise is that this is a life process of time lords through which the character of the doctor takes on a new body and , to some extent , new personality , which occurs after sustaining an injury which would be fatal to most other species . <SEP> what else
doctor who follows the adventures of the primary character , a rogue time lord from the planet gallifrey , who simply goes by the name " the doctor " . <SEP> what planet
he fled from gallifrey in a stolen mark i type 40 tardis – " time and relative dimension in space " – time machine which allows him to travel across time and space . <SEP> what vehicle
he fled from gallifrey in a stolen mark i type 40 tardis – " time and relative dimension in space " – time machine which allows him to travel across time and space . <SEP> that
the tardis has a " chameleon circuit " which normally allows the machine to take on the appearance of local objects as a disguise . <SEP> what feature
however , the doctor 's tardis remains fixed as a blue british police box due to a malfunction in the chameleon circuit . <SEP> why
the doctor rarely travels alone and often brings one or more companions to share these adventures . <SEP> how
the doctor has gained numerous reoccurring enemies during his travels , including the daleks , the cybermen , and the master , another renegade time lord . <SEP> what enemy of doctor
as a time lord , the doctor has the ability to regenerate when his body is mortally damaged , taking on a new appearance and personality . <SEP> what
his companions are usually humans , as he has found a fascination with planet earth . <SEP> what type of beings
as a time lord , the doctor has the ability to regenerate when his body is mortally damaged , taking on a new appearance and personality . <SEP> what type of lord
doctor who first appeared on bbc tv at 17:16:20 gmt , eighty seconds after the scheduled programme time , 5:15 pm , on saturday , 23 november 1963 . <SEP> what
when the script was presented to newman and wilson it was immediately rejected as the programme was not permitted to contain any " bug-eyed monsters " . <SEP> why
on 31 july 1963 whitaker commissioned terry nation to write a story under the title the mutants . <SEP> who
it was to be a regular weekly programme , each episode 25 minutes of transmission length . <SEP> how long
the bbc drama department 's serials division produced the programme for 26 seasons , broadcast on bbc 1 . <SEP> how many seasons
falling viewing numbers , a decline in the public perception of the show and a less-prominent transmission slot saw production suspended in 1989 by jonathan powell , controller of bbc 1 . <SEP> who
although ( as series co-star sophie aldred reported in the documentary doctor who : more than 30 years in the tardis ) it was effectively , if not formally , cancelled with the decision not to commission a planned 27th series of the show for transmission in 1990 , the bbc repeatedly affirmed that the series would return . <SEP> what documentary
although ( as series co-star sophie aldred reported in the documentary doctor who : more than 30 years in the tardis ) it was effectively , if not formally , cancelled with the decision not to commission a planned 27th series of the show for transmission in 1990 , the bbc repeatedly affirmed that the series would return . <SEP> what
while in-house production had ceased , the bbc hoped to find an independent production company to relaunch the show . <SEP> what
philip segal , a british expatriate who worked for columbia pictures ' television arm in the united states , had approached the bbc about such a venture as early as july 1989 , while the 26th series was still in production . <SEP> who
segal 's negotiations eventually led to a doctor who television film , broadcast on the fox network in 1996 as a co-production between fox , universal pictures , the bbc and bbc worldwide . <SEP> what network
although the film was successful in the uk ( with 9.1 million viewers ) , it was less so in the united states and did not lead to a series . <SEP> how many
although the film was successful in the uk ( with 9.1 million viewers ) , it was less so in the united states and did not lead to a series . <SEP> in what country
doctor who finally returned with the episode " rose " on bbc one on 26 march 2005 . <SEP> what
doctor who finally returned with the episode " rose " on bbc one on 26 march 2005 . <SEP> what year
no full series was filmed in 2009 , although four additional specials starring david tennant were made . <SEP> what
in january 2016 , moffat announced that he would step down after the 2017 finale , to be replaced by chris chibnall in 2018 . <SEP> who
there have since been nine further series in 2006–2008 and 2010–2015 , and christmas day specials every year since 2005 . <SEP> what type of special doctor who shows
the 2005 version of doctor who is a direct plot continuation of the original 1963–1989 series [ note 2 ] and the 1996 telefilm . <SEP> what years
the 2005 version of doctor who is a direct plot continuation of the original 1963–1989 series [ note 2 ] and the 1996 telefilm . <SEP> what new series
the 2005 version of doctor who is a direct plot continuation of the original 1963–1989 series [ note 2 ] and the 1996 telefilm . <SEP> what year
this is similar to the 1988 continuation of mission impossible , but differs from most other series relaunches which have either been reboots ( for example , battlestar galactica and bionic woman [ citation needed ] ) or set in the same universe as the original but in a different time period and with different characters ( for example , star trek : the next generation and spin-offs [ citation needed ] ) . <SEP> that
this is similar to the 1988 continuation of mission impossible , but differs from most other series relaunches which have either been reboots ( for example , battlestar galactica and bionic woman [ citation needed ] ) or set in the same universe as the original but in a different time period and with different characters ( for example , star trek : the next generation and spin-offs [ citation needed ] ) . <SEP> what other series
the bbc believed that many viewers had missed this introduction to a new series due to the coverage of the assassination , as well as a series of power blackouts across the country , and they broadcast it again on 30 november 1963 , just before episode two . <SEP> when
it has been claimed that the transmission of the first episode was delayed by ten minutes due to extended news coverage of the assassination of us president john f. kennedy the previous day ; whereas in fact it went out after a delay of eighty seconds . <SEP> how long
it has been claimed that the transmission of the first episode was delayed by ten minutes due to extended news coverage of the assassination of us president john f. kennedy the previous day ; whereas in fact it went out after a delay of eighty seconds . <SEP> who long
it has been claimed that the transmission of the first episode was delayed by ten minutes due to extended news coverage of the assassination of us president john f. kennedy the previous day ; whereas in fact it went out after a delay of eighty seconds . <SEP> what major event u.s.
the bbc believed that many viewers had missed this introduction to a new series due to the coverage of the assassination , as well as a series of power blackouts across the country , and they broadcast it again on 30 november 1963 , just before episode two . <SEP> what other event
the phrase " hiding behind ( or 'watching from behind ' ) the sofa " entered british pop culture , signifying in humour the stereotypical early-series behaviour of children who wanted to avoid seeing frightening parts of a television programme while remaining in the room to watch the remainder of it . <SEP> what popular phrase
the phrase retains this association with doctor who , to the point that in 1991 the museum of the moving image in london named their exhibition celebrating the programme " behind the sofa " . <SEP> who
the phrase retains this association with doctor who , to the point that in 1991 the museum of the moving image in london named their exhibition celebrating the programme " behind the sofa " . <SEP> what
a 2012 article placed this childhood juxtaposition of fear and thrill " at the center of many people 's relationship with the show " , and a 2011 online vote at digital spy deemed the series the " scariest tv show of all time " . <SEP> what
a 2012 article placed this childhood juxtaposition of fear and thrill " at the center of many people 's relationship with the show " , and a 2011 online vote at digital spy deemed the series the " scariest tv show of all time " . <SEP> who
a bbc audience research survey conducted in 1972 found that , by their own definition of violence ( " any act [ s ] which may cause physical and/or psychological injury , hurt or death to persons , animals or property , whether intentional or accidental " ) doctor who was the most violent of the drama programmes the corporation produced at the time . <SEP> which
the same report found that 3 % of the surveyed audience regarded the show as " very unsuitable " for family viewing . <SEP> how many of the survey respondents
responding to the findings of the survey in the times newspaper , journalist philip howard maintained that , " to compare the violence of dr who , sired by a horse-laugh out of a nightmare , with the more realistic violence of other television series , where actors who look like human beings bleed paint that looks like blood , is like comparing monopoly with the property market in london : both are fantasies , but one is meant to be taken seriously . " <SEP> what journalist
responding to the findings of the survey in the times newspaper , journalist philip howard maintained that , " to compare the violence of dr who , sired by a horse-laugh out of a nightmare , with the more realistic violence of other television series , where actors who look like human beings bleed paint that looks like blood , is like comparing monopoly with the property market in london : both are fantasies , but one is meant to be taken seriously . " <SEP> who
responding to the findings of the survey in the times newspaper , journalist philip howard maintained that , " to compare the violence of dr who , sired by a horse-laugh out of a nightmare , with the more realistic violence of other television series , where actors who look like human beings bleed paint that looks like blood , is like comparing monopoly with the property market in london : both are fantasies , but one is meant to be taken seriously . " <SEP> what publication
the image of the tardis has become firmly linked to the show in the public 's consciousness ; bbc scriptwriter anthony coburn , who lived in the resort of herne bay , kent , was one of the people who conceived the idea of a police box as a time machine . <SEP> what image
in 1996 , the bbc applied for a trade mark to use the tardis ' blue police box design in merchandising associated with doctor who . <SEP> what
the image of the tardis has become firmly linked to the show in the public 's consciousness ; bbc scriptwriter anthony coburn , who lived in the resort of herne bay , kent , was one of the people who conceived the idea of a police box as a time machine . <SEP> what
in 1998 , the metropolitan police authority filed an objection to the trade mark claim ; but in 2002 , the patent office ruled in favour of the bbc . <SEP> who
in 1998 , the metropolitan police authority filed an objection to the trade mark claim ; but in 2002 , the patent office ruled in favour of the bbc . <SEP> when
doctor who originally ran for 26 seasons on bbc one , from 23 november 1963 until 6 december 1989 . <SEP> how many seasons
doctor who originally ran for 26 seasons on bbc one , from 23 november 1963 until 6 december 1989 . <SEP> when
notable exceptions were : the daleks ' master plan , which aired in 12 episodes ( plus an earlier one-episode teaser , " mission to the unknown " , featuring none of the regular cast ) ; almost an entire season of seven-episode serials ( season 7 ) ; the 10-episode serial the war games ; and the trial of a time lord , which ran for 14 episodes ( albeit divided into three production codes and four narrative segments ) during season 23 . <SEP> how many episodes
occasionally serials were loosely connected by a storyline , such as season 8 being devoted to the doctor battling a rogue time lord called the master , season 16 's quest for the key to time , season 18 's journey through e-space and the theme of entropy , and season 20 's black guardian trilogy . <SEP> what
occasionally serials were loosely connected by a storyline , such as season 8 being devoted to the doctor battling a rogue time lord called the master , season 16 's quest for the key to time , season 18 's journey through e-space and the theme of entropy , and season 20 's black guardian trilogy . <SEP> what
the serial format changed for the 2005 revival , with each series usually consisting of 13 45-minute , self-contained episodes ( 60 minutes with adverts , on overseas commercial channels ) , and an extended episode broadcast on christmas day . <SEP> in what year
the serial format changed for the 2005 revival , with each series usually consisting of 13 45-minute , self-contained episodes ( 60 minutes with adverts , on overseas commercial channels ) , and an extended episode broadcast on christmas day . <SEP> how long
the serial format changed for the 2005 revival , with each series usually consisting of 13 45-minute , self-contained episodes ( 60 minutes with adverts , on overseas commercial channels ) , and an extended episode broadcast on christmas day . <SEP> when
occasionally , regular-series episodes will exceed the 45-minute run time ; notably , the episodes " journey 's end " from 2008 and " the eleventh hour " from 2010 exceeded an hour in length . <SEP> which episode in 2008
occasionally , regular-series episodes will exceed the 45-minute run time ; notably , the episodes " journey 's end " from 2008 and " the eleventh hour " from 2010 exceeded an hour in length . <SEP> what year
826 doctor who instalments have been televised since 1963 , ranging between 25-minute episodes ( the most common format ) , 45-minute episodes ( for resurrection of the daleks in the 1984 series , a single season in 1985 , and the revival ) , two feature-length productions ( 1983 's the five doctors and the 1996 television film ) , eight christmas specials ( most of 60 minutes ' duration , one of 72 minutes ) , and four additional specials ranging from 60 to 75 minutes in 2009 , 2010 and 2013 . <SEP> how many
826 doctor who instalments have been televised since 1963 , ranging between 25-minute episodes ( the most common format ) , 45-minute episodes ( for resurrection of the daleks in the 1984 series , a single season in 1985 , and the revival ) , two feature-length productions ( 1983 's the five doctors and the 1996 television film ) , eight christmas specials ( most of 60 minutes ' duration , one of 72 minutes ) , and four additional specials ranging from 60 to 75 minutes in 2009 , 2010 and 2013 . <SEP> what
826 doctor who instalments have been televised since 1963 , ranging between 25-minute episodes ( the most common format ) , 45-minute episodes ( for resurrection of the daleks in the 1984 series , a single season in 1985 , and the revival ) , two feature-length productions ( 1983 's the five doctors and the 1996 television film ) , eight christmas specials ( most of 60 minutes ' duration , one of 72 minutes ) , and four additional specials ranging from 60 to 75 minutes in 2009 , 2010 and 2013 . <SEP> how many
826 doctor who instalments have been televised since 1963 , ranging between 25-minute episodes ( the most common format ) , 45-minute episodes ( for resurrection of the daleks in the 1984 series , a single season in 1985 , and the revival ) , two feature-length productions ( 1983 's the five doctors and the 1996 television film ) , eight christmas specials ( most of 60 minutes ' duration , one of 72 minutes ) , and four additional specials ranging from 60 to 75 minutes in 2009 , 2010 and 2013 . <SEP> how long
starting with the 2009 special " planet of the dead " , the series was filmed in 1080i for hdtv , and broadcast simultaneously on bbc one and bbc hd . <SEP> in what year
this included many old episodes of doctor who , mostly stories featuring the first two doctors : william hartnell and patrick troughton . <SEP> who
in all , 97 of 253 episodes produced during the first six years of the programme are not held in the bbc 's archives ( most notably seasons 3 , 4 , & 5 , from which 79 episodes are missing ) . <SEP> how many of the episodes
in all , 97 of 253 episodes produced during the first six years of the programme are not held in the bbc 's archives ( most notably seasons 3 , 4 , & 5 , from which 79 episodes are missing ) . <SEP> which seasons
in 1972 , almost all episodes then made were known to exist at the bbc , while by 1978 the practice of wiping tapes and destroying " spare " film copies had been brought to a stop . <SEP> when
between about 1964 and 1973 , large amounts of older material stored in the bbc 's various video tape and film libraries were either destroyed , [ note 3 ] wiped , or suffered from poor storage which led to severe deterioration from broadcast quality . <SEP> what years
some episodes have been returned to the bbc from the archives of other countries who bought prints for broadcast , or by private individuals who acquired them by various means . <SEP> how
early colour videotape recordings made off-air by fans have also been retrieved , as well as excerpts filmed from the television screen onto 8 mm cine film and clips that were shown on other programmes . <SEP> who
short clips from every story with the exception of marco polo , " mission to the unknown " and the massacre of st bartholomew 's eve also exist . <SEP> what
early colour videotape recordings made off-air by fans have also been retrieved , as well as excerpts filmed from the television screen onto 8 mm cine film and clips that were shown on other programmes . <SEP> what type of film
audio versions of all of the lost episodes exist from home viewers who made tape recordings of the show . <SEP> how
" official " reconstructions have also been released by the bbc on vhs , on mp3 cd-rom , and as special features on dvd . <SEP> who
the bbc , in conjunction with animation studio cosgrove hall , reconstructed the missing episodes 1 and 4 of the invasion ( 1968 ) , using remastered audio tracks and the comprehensive stage notes for the original filming , for the serial 's dvd release in november 2006 . <SEP> who
the bbc , in conjunction with animation studio cosgrove hall , reconstructed the missing episodes 1 and 4 of the invasion ( 1968 ) , using remastered audio tracks and the comprehensive stage notes for the original filming , for the serial 's dvd release in november 2006 . <SEP> what year
the missing episodes of the reign of terror were animated by animation company theta-sigma , in collaboration with big finish , and became available for purchase in may 2013 through amazon.com . <SEP> what animation company
the bbc , in conjunction with animation studio cosgrove hall , reconstructed the missing episodes 1 and 4 of the invasion ( 1968 ) , using remastered audio tracks and the comprehensive stage notes for the original filming , for the serial 's dvd release in november 2006 . <SEP> when
the actual term " regeneration " was not initially conceived of until the doctor 's third on-screen regeneration however ; hartnell 's doctor had merely described undergoing a " renewal , " and the second doctor underwent a " change of appearance " . <SEP> when
this was first prompted by original star william hartnell 's poor health . <SEP> what first
the actual term " regeneration " was not initially conceived of until the doctor 's third on-screen regeneration however ; hartnell 's doctor had merely described undergoing a " renewal , " and the second doctor underwent a " change of appearance " . <SEP> what term
the actual term " regeneration " was not initially conceived of until the doctor 's third on-screen regeneration however ; hartnell 's doctor had merely described undergoing a " renewal , " and the second doctor underwent a " change of appearance " . <SEP> what term
the serials the deadly assassin and mawdryn undead and the 1996 tv film would later establish that a time lord can only regenerate 12 times , for a total of 13 incarnations . <SEP> how many times
the serials the deadly assassin and mawdryn undead and the 1996 tv film would later establish that a time lord can only regenerate 12 times , for a total of 13 incarnations . <SEP> how many incarnations
the episode " the time of the doctor " depicted the doctor acquiring a new cycle of regenerations , starting from the twelfth doctor , due to the eleventh doctor being the product of the doctor 's twelfth regeneration from his original set . <SEP> in what
the serials the deadly assassin and mawdryn undead and the 1996 tv film would later establish that a time lord can only regenerate 12 times , for a total of 13 incarnations . <SEP> in what two serials
the serials the deadly assassin and mawdryn undead and the 1996 tv film would later establish that a time lord can only regenerate 12 times , for a total of 13 incarnations . <SEP> in what year
notably , in 2013 , john hurt guest-starred as a hitherto unknown incarnation of the doctor known as the war doctor in the run-up to the show 's 50th anniversary special " the day of the doctor " . <SEP> who
notably , in 2013 , john hurt guest-starred as a hitherto unknown incarnation of the doctor known as the war doctor in the run-up to the show 's 50th anniversary special " the day of the doctor " . <SEP> what
another example is from the 1986 serial the trial of a time lord , where michael jayston portrayed the valeyard , who is described as an amalgamation of the darker sides of the doctor 's nature , somewhere between his twelfth and final incarnation . <SEP> what actor
another example is from the 1986 serial the trial of a time lord , where michael jayston portrayed the valeyard , who is described as an amalgamation of the darker sides of the doctor 's nature , somewhere between his twelfth and final incarnation . <SEP> what
he is shown in mini-episode " the night of the doctor " to have been retroactively inserted into the show 's fictional chronology between mcgann and eccleston 's doctors , although his introduction was written so as not to disturb the established numerical naming of the doctors . <SEP> what two doctors
in " the name of the doctor " , the eleventh doctor meets an unknown incarnation of himself , whom he refers to as " his secret " and who is subsequently revealed to be the war doctor . <SEP> what doctor
in 1973 's the three doctors , william hartnell and patrick troughton returned alongside jon pertwee . <SEP> which episode
in 2007 , peter davison returned in the children in need short " time crash " alongside david tennant , and most recently in 2013 's 50th anniversary special episode , " the day of the doctor " , david tennant 's tenth doctor appeared alongside matt smith as the eleventh doctor and john hurt as the war doctor , as well as brief footage from all of the previous actors . <SEP> which doctor
the first doctor encounters himself in the story the space museum ( albeit frozen and as an exhibit ) , the third doctor encounters and interacts with himself in the story day of the daleks , the fourth doctor encounters and interacts with the future incarnation of himself ( the 'watcher ' ) in the story logopolis , the ninth doctor observes a former version of his current incarnation in " father 's day " , and the eleventh doctor briefly comes face to face with himself in " the big bang " . <SEP> in which episode
in 2007 , peter davison returned in the children in need short " time crash " alongside david tennant , and most recently in 2013 's 50th anniversary special episode , " the day of the doctor " , david tennant 's tenth doctor appeared alongside matt smith as the eleventh doctor and john hurt as the war doctor , as well as brief footage from all of the previous actors . <SEP> what
peter davison , colin baker and sylvester mccoy appeared together in the 1999 audio adventure the sirens of time . <SEP> which three doctors
to celebrate the 40th anniversary in 2003 , an audio drama titled zagreus featuring paul mcgann , colin baker , sylvester mccoy and peter davison was released with additional archive recordings of jon pertwee . <SEP> what special audio recording
in 2010 , peter davison , colin baker , sylvester mccoy and paul mcgann came together again to star in the audio drama the four doctors . <SEP> which doctors
again in 2003 , colin baker and sylvester mccoy appeared together in the audio adventure project : lazarus . <SEP> which doctors
to celebrate the 40th anniversary in 2003 , an audio drama titled zagreus featuring paul mcgann , colin baker , sylvester mccoy and peter davison was released with additional archive recordings of jon pertwee . <SEP> in what year
in the 2013 episode " the time of the doctor , " the eleventh doctor clarified he was the product of the twelfth regeneration , due to a previous incarnation which he chose not to count and one other aborted regeneration . <SEP> in what episode
in the brain of morbius ( 1976 ) , it was hinted that the first doctor may not have been the first incarnation ( although the other faces depicted may have been incarnations of the time lord morbius ) . <SEP> in what episode
in mawdryn undead ( 1983 ) , the fifth doctor explicitly confirmed that he was then currently in his fifth incarnation . <SEP> in what episode
in 2010 , the eleventh doctor similarly calls himself " the eleventh " in " the lodger " . <SEP> in what episode
later that same year , during 1983 's 20th anniversary special the five doctors , the first doctor enquires as to the fifth doctor 's regeneration ; when the fifth doctor confirms " fourth " , the first doctor excitedly replies " goodness me . <SEP> in what year
the programme 's first serial , an unearthly child , shows that the doctor has a granddaughter , susan foreman . <SEP> what
the programme 's first serial , an unearthly child , shows that the doctor has a granddaughter , susan foreman . <SEP> what
the 2005 series reveals that the ninth doctor thought he was the last surviving time lord , and that his home planet had been destroyed ; in " the empty child " ( 2005 ) , dr. constantine states that , " before the war even began , i was a father and a grandfather . <SEP> in what year
the 2005 series reveals that the ninth doctor thought he was the last surviving time lord , and that his home planet had been destroyed ; in " the empty child " ( 2005 ) , dr. constantine states that , " before the war even began , i was a father and a grandfather . <SEP> in 2005 , what
in " smith and jones " ( 2007 ) , when asked if he had a brother , he replied , " no , not any more . " <SEP> in what
the companion figure – generally a human – has been a constant feature in doctor who since the programme 's inception in 1963 . <SEP> what type of creature
the only story from the original series in which the doctor travels alone is the deadly assassin . <SEP> what
the doctor 's first companions seen on screen were his granddaughter susan foreman ( carole ann ford ) and her teachers barbara wright ( jacqueline hill ) and ian chesterton ( william russell ) . <SEP> what
the doctor 's first companions seen on screen were his granddaughter susan foreman ( carole ann ford ) and her teachers barbara wright ( jacqueline hill ) and ian chesterton ( william russell ) . <SEP> what
notable companions from the earlier series included romana ( mary tamm and lalla ward ) , a time lady ; sarah jane smith ( elisabeth sladen ) ; and jo grant ( katy manning ) . <SEP> what
since the 2005 revival , the doctor generally travels with a primary female companion , who occupies a larger narrative role . <SEP> what
the primary companions of the ninth and tenth doctors were rose tyler ( billie piper ) , martha jones ( freema agyeman ) , and donna noble ( catherine tate ) with mickey smith ( noel clarke ) and jack harkness ( john barrowman ) recurring as secondary companion figures . <SEP> who
the eleventh doctor became the first to travel with a married couple , amy pond ( karen gillan ) and rory williams ( arthur darvill ) , whilst out-of-sync meetings with river song ( alex kingston ) and clara oswald ( jenna coleman ) provided ongoing story arcs . <SEP> who
the tenth series will introduce pearl mackie as bill , the doctor 's newest traveling companion . <SEP> who
the primary companions of the ninth and tenth doctors were rose tyler ( billie piper ) , martha jones ( freema agyeman ) , and donna noble ( catherine tate ) with mickey smith ( noel clarke ) and jack harkness ( john barrowman ) recurring as secondary companion figures . <SEP> who
with the show 's 2005 revival , executive producer russell t davies stated his intention to reintroduce classic icons of doctor who one step at a time : the autons with the nestene consciousness and daleks in series 1 , cybermen in series 2 , the macra and the master in series 3 , the sontarans and davros in series 4 , and the time lords ( rassilon ) in the 2009–10 specials . <SEP> who
with the show 's 2005 revival , executive producer russell t davies stated his intention to reintroduce classic icons of doctor who one step at a time : the autons with the nestene consciousness and daleks in series 1 , cybermen in series 2 , the macra and the master in series 3 , the sontarans and davros in series 4 , and the time lords ( rassilon ) in the 2009–10 specials . <SEP> when
with the show 's 2005 revival , executive producer russell t davies stated his intention to reintroduce classic icons of doctor who one step at a time : the autons with the nestene consciousness and daleks in series 1 , cybermen in series 2 , the macra and the master in series 3 , the sontarans and davros in series 4 , and the time lords ( rassilon ) in the 2009–10 specials . <SEP> what
with the show 's 2005 revival , executive producer russell t davies stated his intention to reintroduce classic icons of doctor who one step at a time : the autons with the nestene consciousness and daleks in series 1 , cybermen in series 2 , the macra and the master in series 3 , the sontarans and davros in series 4 , and the time lords ( rassilon ) in the 2009–10 specials . <SEP> in what series
davies ' successor , steven moffat , has continued the trend by reviving the silurians in series 5 , cybermats in series 6 , the great intelligence and the ice warriors in series 7 , and zygons in the 50th anniversary special . <SEP> who
the dalek race , which first appeared in the show 's second serial in 1963 , are doctor who 's oldest villains . <SEP> who
the daleks are kaleds from the planet skaro , mutated by the scientist davros and housed in mechanical armour shells for mobility . <SEP> what planet
the daleks are kaleds from the planet skaro , mutated by the scientist davros and housed in mechanical armour shells for mobility . <SEP> what scientist
their main weakness is their eyestalk ; attacks upon them using various weapons can blind a dalek , making it go mad . <SEP> what
the master is the doctor 's archenemy , a renegade time lord who desires to rule the universe . <SEP> who
the master is the doctor 's archenemy , a renegade time lord who desires to rule the universe . <SEP> what title
the master returned in the 1996 television movie of doctor who , and was played by american actor eric roberts . <SEP> who
conceived as " professor moriarty to the doctor 's sherlock holmes " , the character first appeared in 1971 . <SEP> what literary reference
as with the doctor , the role has been portrayed by several actors , since the master is a time lord as well and able to regenerate ; the first of these actors was roger delgado , who continued in the role until his death in 1973 . <SEP> who
following the series revival in 2005 , derek jacobi provided the character 's re-introduction in the 2007 episode " utopia " . <SEP> who
following the series revival in 2005 , derek jacobi provided the character 's re-introduction in the 2007 episode " utopia " . <SEP> what
as of the 2014 episode " dark water , " it was revealed that the master had become a female incarnation or " time lady , " going by the name of " missy " ( short for mistress , the feminine equivalent of " master " ) . <SEP> in what year
as of the 2014 episode " dark water , " it was revealed that the master had become a female incarnation or " time lady , " going by the name of " missy " ( short for mistress , the feminine equivalent of " master " ) . <SEP> what
the original theme was composed by ron grainer and realised by delia derbyshire of the bbc radiophonic workshop , with assistance from dick mills . <SEP> who
the original theme was composed by ron grainer and realised by delia derbyshire of the bbc radiophonic workshop , with assistance from dick mills . <SEP> what workshop
the various parts were built up using musique concrète techniques , by creating tape loops of an individually struck piano string and individual test oscillators and filters . <SEP> what kind of techniques
the derbyshire arrangement served , with minor edits , as the theme tune up to the end of season 17 ( 1979–80 ) . <SEP> when
on hearing the finished result , grainer asked , " did i write that ? " <SEP> what
a different arrangement was recorded by peter howell for season 18 ( 1980 ) , which was in turn replaced by dominic glynn 's arrangement for the season-long serial the trial of a time lord in season 23 ( 1986 ) . <SEP> who
a different arrangement was recorded by peter howell for season 18 ( 1980 ) , which was in turn replaced by dominic glynn 's arrangement for the season-long serial the trial of a time lord in season 23 ( 1986 ) . <SEP> who
keff mcculloch provided the new arrangement for the seventh doctor 's era which lasted from season 24 ( 1987 ) until the series ' suspension in 1989 . <SEP> for which doctor
for the return of the series in 2005 , murray gold provided a new arrangement which featured samples from the 1963 original with further elements added ; in the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " , gold introduced a modified closing credits arrangement that was used up until the conclusion of the 2007 series . <SEP> who
for the return of the series in 2005 , murray gold provided a new arrangement which featured samples from the 1963 original with further elements added ; in the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " , gold introduced a modified closing credits arrangement that was used up until the conclusion of the 2007 series . <SEP> in what show
a new arrangement of the theme , once again by gold , was introduced in the 2007 christmas special episode , " voyage of the damned " ; gold returned as composer for the 2010 series . <SEP> what
in 2011 , the theme tune charted at number 228 of radio station classic fm 's hall of fame , a survey of classical music tastes . <SEP> what radio station
a new arrangement of the theme , once again by gold , was introduced in the 2007 christmas special episode , " voyage of the damned " ; gold returned as composer for the 2010 series . <SEP> which series version
in 2011 , the theme tune charted at number 228 of radio station classic fm 's hall of fame , a survey of classical music tastes . <SEP> how high
a revised version of gold 's 2010 arrangement had its debut over the opening titles of the 2012 christmas special " the snowmen " , and a further revision of the arrangement was made for the 50th anniversary special " the day of the doctor " in november 2013 . <SEP> who
in the early 1970s , jon pertwee , who had played the third doctor , recorded a version of the doctor who theme with spoken lyrics , titled , " who is the doctor " . <SEP> who
[ note 6 ] in 1978 a disco version of the theme was released in the uk , denmark and australia by the group mankind , which reached number 24 in the uk charts . <SEP> who
[ note 6 ] in 1978 a disco version of the theme was released in the uk , denmark and australia by the group mankind , which reached number 24 in the uk charts . <SEP> how high on the charts
in 1988 the band the justified ancients of mu ( later known as the klf ) released the single " doctorin ' the tardis " under the name the timelords , which reached no . 1 in the uk and no . 2 in australia ; this version incorporated several other songs , including " rock and roll part 2 " by gary glitter ( who recorded vocals for some of the cd-single remix versions of " doctorin ' the tardis " ) . <SEP> what
in 1988 the band the justified ancients of mu ( later known as the klf ) released the single " doctorin ' the tardis " under the name the timelords , which reached no . 1 in the uk and no . 2 in australia ; this version incorporated several other songs , including " rock and roll part 2 " by gary glitter ( who recorded vocals for some of the cd-single remix versions of " doctorin ' the tardis " ) . <SEP> which doctor who-related song
the most frequent musical contributor during the first 15 years was dudley simpson , who is also well known for his theme and incidental music for blake 's 7 , and for his haunting theme music and score for the original 1970s version of the tomorrow people . <SEP> who
simpson 's first doctor who score was planet of giants ( 1964 ) and he went on to write music for many adventures of the 1960s and 1970s , including most of the stories of the jon pertwee/tom baker periods , ending with the horns of nimon ( 1979 ) . <SEP> what
simpson 's first doctor who score was planet of giants ( 1964 ) and he went on to write music for many adventures of the 1960s and 1970s , including most of the stories of the jon pertwee/tom baker periods , ending with the horns of nimon ( 1979 ) . <SEP> in what
simpson 's first doctor who score was planet of giants ( 1964 ) and he went on to write music for many adventures of the 1960s and 1970s , including most of the stories of the jon pertwee/tom baker periods , ending with the horns of nimon ( 1979 ) . <SEP> what
he also made a cameo appearance in the talons of weng-chiang ( as a music hall conductor ) . <SEP> in what episode
all the incidental music for the 2005 revived series has been composed by murray gold and ben foster and has been performed by the bbc national orchestra of wales from the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " onwards . <SEP> who
all the incidental music for the 2005 revived series has been composed by murray gold and ben foster and has been performed by the bbc national orchestra of wales from the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " onwards . <SEP> who
a doctor who prom was celebrated on 27 july 2008 in the royal albert hall as part of the annual bbc proms . <SEP> when
it also featured the specially filmed mini-episode " music of the spheres " , written by russell t davies and starring david tennant . <SEP> what doctor who mini-episode
all the incidental music for the 2005 revived series has been composed by murray gold and ben foster and has been performed by the bbc national orchestra of wales from the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " onwards . <SEP> who
six soundtrack releases have been released since 2005 . <SEP> how many
the first featured tracks from the first two series , the second and third featured music from the third and fourth series respectively . <SEP> which series
the fourth was released on 4 october 2010 as a two disc special edition and contained music from the 2008–2010 specials ( the next doctor to end of time part 2 ) . <SEP> what music
in february 2011 , a soundtrack was released for the 2010 christmas special : " a christmas carol " , and in december 2011 the soundtrack for series 6 was released , both by silva screen records . <SEP> what
the soundtrack for series 5 was released on 8 november 2010 . <SEP> when
the original logo used for the first doctor ( and briefly for the second doctor ) was reused in a slightly modified format for the 50th anniversary special " the day of the doctor " during the eleventh doctor 's run . <SEP> what logo
the logo for the twelfth doctor had the " dw " tardis insignia removed and the font was subtly altered , as well as made slightly larger . <SEP> which logo
as of 2014 , the logo used for the third and eighth doctors is the primary logo used on all media and merchandise relating to past doctors , and the current doctor who logo is used for all merchandise relating to the current doctor . <SEP> what logo
the logo from 1973–80 was used for the third doctor 's final season and for the majority of the fourth doctor 's tenure . <SEP> which logo
the original logo used for the first doctor ( and briefly for the second doctor ) was reused in a slightly modified format for the 50th anniversary special " the day of the doctor " during the eleventh doctor 's run . <SEP> which doctor
premiering the day after the assassination of john f. kennedy , the first episode of doctor who was repeated with the second episode the following week . <SEP> who
doctor who has always appeared initially on the bbc 's mainstream bbc one channel , where it is regarded as a family show , drawing audiences of many millions of viewers ; episodes are now repeated on bbc three . <SEP> where
the second was the late 1970s , when tom baker occasionally drew audiences of over 12 million . <SEP> in what years
the first of these was the " dalekmania " period ( circa 1964–1965 ) , when the popularity of the daleks regularly brought doctor who ratings of between 9 and 14 million , even for stories which did not feature them . <SEP> when
doctor who has always appeared initially on the bbc 's mainstream bbc one channel , where it is regarded as a family show , drawing audiences of many millions of viewers ; episodes are now repeated on bbc three . <SEP> what
its late 1980s performance of three to five million viewers was seen as poor at the time and was , according to the bbc board of control , a leading cause of the programme 's 1989 suspension . <SEP> what
some fans considered this disingenuous , since the programme was scheduled against the soap opera coronation street , the most popular show at the time . <SEP> what
some fans considered this disingenuous , since the programme was scheduled against the soap opera coronation street , the most popular show at the time . <SEP> how popular
after the series ' revival in 2005 ( the third notable period of high ratings ) , it has consistently had high viewership levels for the evening on which the episode is broadcast . <SEP> when
the 1983 20th anniversary special the five doctors had its début on 23 november ( the actual date of the anniversary ) on a number of pbs stations two days prior to its bbc one broadcast . <SEP> what station
the 1988 story silver nemesis was broadcast with all three episodes airing back to back on tvnz in new zealand in november , after the first episode had been shown in the uk but before the final two instalments had aired there . <SEP> what country
finally , the 1996 television film premièred on 12 may 1996 on citv in edmonton , canada , 15 days before the bbc one showing , and two days before it aired on fox in the united states . <SEP> in what area
finally , the 1996 television film premièred on 12 may 1996 on citv in edmonton , canada , 15 days before the bbc one showing , and two days before it aired on fox in the united states . <SEP> how many days
the 1983 20th anniversary special the five doctors had its début on 23 november ( the actual date of the anniversary ) on a number of pbs stations two days prior to its bbc one broadcast . <SEP> when
in australia , the show has had a strong fan base since its inception , having been exclusively first run by the australian broadcasting corporation ( abc ) since january 1965 . <SEP> which australian tv station
the abc also provided partial funding for the 20th anniversary special the five doctors in 1983 . <SEP> what
repeats of both the classic and modern series have also been shown on subscription television channels bbc uktv , sf and later on syfy upon sf 's closure . <SEP> which station
the abc has periodically repeated episodes ; of note were the weekly screenings of all available classic episodes starting in 2003 , for the show 's 40th anniversary , and the weekdaily screenings of all available revived episodes in 2013 for the show 's 50th anniversary . <SEP> what
tvontario picked up the show in 1976 beginning with the three doctors and aired each series ( several years late ) through to series 24 in 1991 . <SEP> what year
tvontario picked up the show in 1976 beginning with the three doctors and aired each series ( several years late ) through to series 24 in 1991 . <SEP> what
the series moved to the canadian cable channel space in 2009 . <SEP> what canadian cable station
its airing of the talons of weng-chiang was cancelled as a result of accusations that the story was racist ; the story was later broadcast in the 1990s on cable station ytv . <SEP> which doctor who show
from 1979 to 1981 , tvo airings were bookended by science-fiction writer judith merril who would introduce the episode and then , after the episode concluded , try to place it in an educational context in keeping with tvo 's status as an educational channel . <SEP> what science fiction writer
for the canadian broadcast , christopher eccleston recorded special video introductions for each episode ( including a trivia question as part of a viewer contest ) and excerpts from the doctor who confidential documentary were played over the closing credits ; for the broadcast of " the christmas invasion " on 26 december 2005 , billie piper recorded a special video introduction . <SEP> who
for the canadian broadcast , christopher eccleston recorded special video introductions for each episode ( including a trivia question as part of a viewer contest ) and excerpts from the doctor who confidential documentary were played over the closing credits ; for the broadcast of " the christmas invasion " on 26 december 2005 , billie piper recorded a special video introduction . <SEP> what
for the canadian broadcast , christopher eccleston recorded special video introductions for each episode ( including a trivia question as part of a viewer contest ) and excerpts from the doctor who confidential documentary were played over the closing credits ; for the broadcast of " the christmas invasion " on 26 december 2005 , billie piper recorded a special video introduction . <SEP> for which
cbc began airing series two on 9 october 2006 at 20:00 e/p ( 20:30 in newfoundland and labrador ) , shortly after that day 's cfl double header on thanksgiving in most of the country . <SEP> on what date
cbc began airing series two on 9 october 2006 at 20:00 e/p ( 20:30 in newfoundland and labrador ) , shortly after that day 's cfl double header on thanksgiving in most of the country . <SEP> what holiday
a wide selection of serials are available from bbc video on dvd , on sale in the united kingdom , australia , canada and the united states . <SEP> what countries
eight original series serials have been released on laserdisc and many have also been released on betamax tape and video 2000 . <SEP> what shows
one episode of doctor who ( the infinite quest ) was released on vcd . <SEP> what
only the series from 2009 onwards are available on blu-ray , except for the 1970 story spearhead from space , released in july 2013 . <SEP> what doctor
only the series from 2009 onwards are available on blu-ray , except for the 1970 story spearhead from space , released in july 2013 . <SEP> what series years
in the early 1970s , trevor martin played the role in doctor who and the daleks in the seven keys to doomsday . <SEP> who
in the late 1980s , jon pertwee and colin baker both played the doctor at different times during the run of a play titled doctor who – the ultimate adventure . <SEP> what
other original plays have been staged as amateur productions , with other actors playing the doctor , while terry nation wrote the curse of the daleks , a stage play mounted in the late 1960s , but without the doctor . <SEP> what doctor
in the early 1970s , trevor martin played the role in doctor who and the daleks in the seven keys to doomsday . <SEP> what
for two performances , while pertwee was ill , david banks ( better known for playing cybermen ) played the doctor . <SEP> which actor
following the success of the 2005 series produced by russell t davies , the bbc commissioned davies to produce a 13-part spin-off series titled torchwood ( an anagram of " doctor who " ) , set in modern-day cardiff and investigating alien activities and crime . <SEP> what doctor
a second series of torchwood aired in 2008 ; for three episodes , the cast was joined by freema agyeman reprising her doctor who role of martha jones . <SEP> when
a third series was broadcast from 6 to 10 july 2009 , and consisted of a single five-part story called children of earth which was set largely in london . <SEP> what
a fourth series , torchwood : miracle day jointly produced by bbc wales , bbc worldwide and the american entertainment company starz debuted in 2011 . <SEP> that
the sarah jane adventures , starring elisabeth sladen who reprised her role as investigative journalist sarah jane smith , was developed by cbbc ; a special aired on new year 's day 2007 and a full series began on 24 september 2007 . <SEP> who
the sarah jane adventures , starring elisabeth sladen who reprised her role as investigative journalist sarah jane smith , was developed by cbbc ; a special aired on new year 's day 2007 and a full series began on 24 september 2007 . <SEP> when
a third in 2009 featured a crossover appearance from the main show by david tennant as the tenth doctor . <SEP> in what year
in 2010 , a further such appearance featured matt smith as the eleventh doctor alongside former companion actress katy manning reprising her role as jo grant . <SEP> when
a final , three-story fifth series was transmitted in autumn 2011 – uncompleted due to the death of elisabeth sladen in early 2011 . <SEP> why
in 1993 , for the franchise 's 30th anniversary , another charity special , titled dimensions in time was produced for children in need , featuring all of the surviving actors who played the doctor and a number of previous companions . <SEP> what special
in 1993 , for the franchise 's 30th anniversary , another charity special , titled dimensions in time was produced for children in need , featuring all of the surviving actors who played the doctor and a number of previous companions . <SEP> what charity
the special was one of several special 3d programmes the bbc produced at the time , using a 3d system that made use of the pulfrich effect requiring glasses with one darkened lens ; the picture would look normal to those viewers who watched without the glasses . <SEP> what type of lenses
the special was one of several special 3d programmes the bbc produced at the time , using a 3d system that made use of the pulfrich effect requiring glasses with one darkened lens ; the picture would look normal to those viewers who watched without the glasses . <SEP> what
in 1999 , another special , doctor who and the curse of fatal death , was made for comic relief and later released on vhs . <SEP> what
an affectionate parody of the television series , it was split into four segments , mimicking the traditional serial format , complete with cliffhangers , and running down the same corridor several times when being chased ( the version released on video was split into only two episodes ) . <SEP> how many segments
in the story , the doctor ( rowan atkinson ) encounters both the master ( jonathan pryce ) and the daleks . <SEP> who
during the special the doctor is forced to regenerate several times , with his subsequent incarnations played by , in order , richard e. grant , jim broadbent , hugh grant and joanna lumley . <SEP> what actress
there have also been many references to doctor who in popular culture and other science fiction , including star trek : the next generation ( " the neutral zone " ) and leverage . <SEP> what star
references to doctor who have also appeared in the young adult fantasy novels brisingr and high wizardry , the video game rock band , the soap opera eastenders , the adult swim comedy show robot chicken , the family guy episodes " blue harvest " and " 420 " , and the game runescape . <SEP> which family
in the channel 4 series queer as folk ( created by later doctor who executive producer russell t. davies ) , the character of vince was portrayed as an avid doctor who fan , with references appearing many times throughout in the form of clips from the programme . <SEP> what series
in a similar manner , the character of oliver on coupling ( created and written by current show runner steven moffat ) is portrayed as a doctor who collector and enthusiast . <SEP> what character on coupling
references to doctor who have also appeared in the young adult fantasy novels brisingr and high wizardry , the video game rock band , the soap opera eastenders , the adult swim comedy show robot chicken , the family guy episodes " blue harvest " and " 420 " , and the game runescape . <SEP> which
the earliest doctor who-related audio release was a 21-minute narrated abridgement of the first doctor television story the chase released in 1966 . <SEP> what story
the earliest doctor who-related audio release was a 21-minute narrated abridgement of the first doctor television story the chase released in 1966 . <SEP> how long
ten years later , the first original doctor who audio was released on lp record ; doctor who and the pescatons featuring the fourth doctor . <SEP> what
the first commercially available audiobook was an abridged reading of the fourth doctor story state of decay in 1981 . <SEP> in what year
in 1988 , during a hiatus in the television show , slipback , the first radio drama , was transmitted . <SEP> what
the earliest of these featured the fifth , sixth and seventh doctors , with paul mcgann 's eight doctor joining the line in 2001 . <SEP> which doctors
the 2013 series destiny of the doctor , produced as part of the series ' 50th anniversary celebrations , marked the first time big finish created stories ( in this case audiobooks ) featuring the doctors from the revived show . <SEP> what series
since 1999 , big finish productions has released several different series of doctor who audios on cd . <SEP> what company
since 1999 , big finish productions has released several different series of doctor who audios on cd . <SEP> what year
tom baker 's fourth doctor began appearing for big finish in 2012 . <SEP> when
from 1965 to 1991 the books published were primarily novelised adaptations of broadcast episodes ; beginning in 1991 an extensive line of original fiction was launched , the virgin new adventures and virgin missing adventures . <SEP> in what year
doctor who books have been published from the mid-sixties through to the present day . <SEP> when
numerous non-fiction books about the series , including guidebooks and critical studies , have also been published , and a dedicated doctor who magazine with newsstand circulation has been published regularly since 1979 . <SEP> how long
this is published by panini , as is the doctor who adventures magazine for younger fans . <SEP> who
since the relaunch of the programme in 2005 , a new range of novels have been published by bbc books . <SEP> who
since the creation of the doctor who character by bbc television in the early 1960s , a myriad of stories have been published about doctor who , in different media : apart from the actual television episodes that continue to be produced by the bbc , there have also been novels , comics , short stories , audio books , radio plays , interactive video games , game books , webcasts , dvd extras , and even stage performances . <SEP> when
since the creation of the doctor who character by bbc television in the early 1960s , a myriad of stories have been published about doctor who , in different media : apart from the actual television episodes that continue to be produced by the bbc , there have also been novels , comics , short stories , audio books , radio plays , interactive video games , game books , webcasts , dvd extras , and even stage performances . <SEP> what company
in this respect it is noteworthy that the bbc takes no position on the canonicity of any of such stories , and producers of the show have expressed distaste for the idea . <SEP> who
in this respect it is noteworthy that the bbc takes no position on the canonicity of any of such stories , and producers of the show have expressed distaste for the idea . <SEP> who
the show has received recognition as one of britain 's finest television programmes , winning the 2006 british academy television award for best drama series and five consecutive ( 2005–2010 ) awards at the national television awards during russell t davies ' tenure as executive producer . <SEP> when
the show has received recognition as one of britain 's finest television programmes , winning the 2006 british academy television award for best drama series and five consecutive ( 2005–2010 ) awards at the national television awards during russell t davies ' tenure as executive producer . <SEP> what years
in 2011 , matt smith became the first doctor to be nominated for a bafta television award for best actor and in 2016 , michelle gomez became the first female to receive a bafta nomination for the series , getting a best supporting actress nomination for her work as missy . <SEP> in what year
in 2011 , matt smith became the first doctor to be nominated for a bafta television award for best actor and in 2016 , michelle gomez became the first female to receive a bafta nomination for the series , getting a best supporting actress nomination for her work as missy . <SEP> what doctor
in 2011 , matt smith became the first doctor to be nominated for a bafta television award for best actor and in 2016 , michelle gomez became the first female to receive a bafta nomination for the series , getting a best supporting actress nomination for her work as missy . <SEP> what award
the programme is listed in guinness world records as the longest-running science fiction television show in the world , the " most successful " science fiction series of all time—based on its over-all broadcast ratings , dvd and book sales , and itunes traffic— and for the largest ever simulcast of a tv drama with its 50th anniversary special . <SEP> where
during its original run , it was recognised for its imaginative stories , creative low-budget special effects , and pioneering use of electronic music ( originally produced by the bbc radiophonic workshop ) . <SEP> for what type of music
in 2013 , the peabody awards honoured doctor who with an institutional peabody " for evolving with technology and the times like nothing else in the known television universe . " <SEP> what year
the programme is listed in guinness world records as the longest-running science fiction television show in the world , the " most successful " science fiction series of all time—based on its over-all broadcast ratings , dvd and book sales , and itunes traffic— and for the largest ever simulcast of a tv drama with its 50th anniversary special . <SEP> which doctor who show
in 1975 , season 11 of the series won a writers ' guild of great britain award for best writing in a children 's serial . <SEP> which season of doctor
in 1996 , bbc television held the " auntie awards " as the culmination of their " tv60 " series , celebrating 60 years of bbc television broadcasting , where doctor who was voted as the " best popular drama " the corporation had ever produced , ahead of such ratings heavyweights as eastenders and casualty . <SEP> what show
in 2000 , doctor who was ranked third in a list of the 100 greatest british television programmes of the 20th century , produced by the british film institute and voted on by industry professionals . <SEP> what spot
in 2005 , the series came first in a survey by sfx magazine of " the greatest uk science fiction and fantasy television series ever " . <SEP> what publication
also , in the 100 greatest kids ' tv shows ( a channel 4 countdown in 2001 ) , the 1963–1989 run was placed at number eight . <SEP> what rank
it won five bafta tv awards , including best drama series , the highest-profile and most prestigious british television award for which the series has ever been nominated . <SEP> what
it won five bafta tv awards , including best drama series , the highest-profile and most prestigious british television award for which the series has ever been nominated . <SEP> how many
it was very popular at the bafta cymru awards , with 25 wins overall including best drama series ( twice ) , best screenplay/screenwriter ( thrice ) and best actor . <SEP> how many
in 2009 , doctor who was voted the 3rd greatest show of the 2000s by channel 4 , behind top gear and the apprentice . <SEP> in what year
the episode " vincent and the doctor " was shortlisted for a mind award at the 2010 mind mental health media awards for its " touching " portrayal of vincent van gogh . <SEP> who
it has won the short form of the hugo award for best dramatic presentation , the oldest science fiction/fantasy award for films and series , six times ( every year since 2006 , except for 2009 , 2013 and 2014 ) . <SEP> how many times
doctor who has been nominated for over 200 awards and has won over a hundred of them . <SEP> how many awards
doctor who has been nominated for over 200 awards and has won over a hundred of them . <SEP> how many awards
doctor who star matt smith won best actor in the 2012 national television awards alongside karen gillan who won best actress . <SEP> what doctor
the winning episodes were " the empty child " / " the doctor dances " ( 2006 ) , " the girl in the fireplace " ( 2007 ) , " blink " ( 2008 ) , " the waters of mars " ( 2010 ) , " the pandorica opens " / " the big bang " ( 2011 ) , and " the doctor 's wife " ( 2012 ) . <SEP> what doctor
doctor who has been satirised and spoofed on many occasions by comedians including spike milligan ( a dalek invades his bathroom — milligan , naked , hurls a soap sponge at it ) and lenny henry . <SEP> which comedian
jon culshaw frequently impersonates the fourth doctor in the bbc dead ringers series . <SEP> who
doctor who has been satirised and spoofed on many occasions by comedians including spike milligan ( a dalek invades his bathroom — milligan , naked , hurls a soap sponge at it ) and lenny henry . <SEP> what weapon
doctor who fandom has also been lampooned on programs such as saturday night live , the chaser 's war on everything , mystery science theater 3000 , family guy , american dad ! <SEP> who
jon culshaw frequently impersonates the fourth doctor in the bbc dead ringers series . <SEP> what series
the university of chicago ( uchicago , chicago , or u of c ) is a private research university in chicago . <SEP> what kind of university
the university , established in 1890 , consists of the college , various graduate programs , interdisciplinary committees organized into four academic research divisions and seven professional schools . <SEP> when
the university , established in 1890 , consists of the college , various graduate programs , interdisciplinary committees organized into four academic research divisions and seven professional schools . <SEP> how many professional schools
the university , established in 1890 , consists of the college , various graduate programs , interdisciplinary committees organized into four academic research divisions and seven professional schools . <SEP> how many academic research divisions
the university currently enrolls approximately 5,000 students in the college and around 15,000 students overall . <SEP> how many students
university of chicago scholars have played a major role in the development of various academic disciplines , including : the chicago school of economics , the chicago school of sociology , the law and economics movement in legal analysis , the chicago school of literary criticism , the chicago school of religion , and the behavioralism school of political science . <SEP> university of chicago scholars
chicago 's physics department helped develop the world 's first man-made , self-sustaining nuclear reaction beneath the university 's stagg field . <SEP> who
chicago 's physics department helped develop the world 's first man-made , self-sustaining nuclear reaction beneath the university 's stagg field . <SEP> where
the university is also home to the university of chicago press , the largest university press in the united states . <SEP> what
with an estimated completion date of 2020 , the barack obama presidential center will be housed at the university and include both the obama presidential library and offices of the obama foundation . <SEP> in what year
founded by the american baptist education society with a donation from oil magnate and wealthiest man in history john d. rockefeller , the university of chicago was incorporated in 1890 ; william rainey harper became the university 's first president in 1891 , and the first classes were held in 1892 . <SEP> what society
founded by the american baptist education society with a donation from oil magnate and wealthiest man in history john d. rockefeller , the university of chicago was incorporated in 1890 ; william rainey harper became the university 's first president in 1891 , and the first classes were held in 1892 . <SEP> what person
founded by the american baptist education society with a donation from oil magnate and wealthiest man in history john d. rockefeller , the university of chicago was incorporated in 1890 ; william rainey harper became the university 's first president in 1891 , and the first classes were held in 1892 . <SEP> who
founded by the american baptist education society with a donation from oil magnate and wealthiest man in history john d. rockefeller , the university of chicago was incorporated in 1890 ; william rainey harper became the university 's first president in 1891 , and the first classes were held in 1892 . <SEP> what year
founded by the american baptist education society with a donation from oil magnate and wealthiest man in history john d. rockefeller , the university of chicago was incorporated in 1890 ; william rainey harper became the university 's first president in 1891 , and the first classes were held in 1892 . <SEP> what year
the university of chicago was created and incorporated as a coeducational , secular institution in 1890 by the american baptist education society and a donation from oil magnate and philanthropist john d. rockefeller on land donated by marshall field . <SEP> who
the original physical campus was financed by donations from wealthy chicagoans like silas b. cobb who provided the funds for the campus ' first building , cobb lecture hall , and matched marshall field 's pledge of $ 100,000 . <SEP> who
the original physical campus was financed by donations from wealthy chicagoans like silas b. cobb who provided the funds for the campus ' first building , cobb lecture hall , and matched marshall field 's pledge of $ 100,000 . <SEP> what
the original physical campus was financed by donations from wealthy chicagoans like silas b. cobb who provided the funds for the campus ' first building , cobb lecture hall , and matched marshall field 's pledge of $ 100,000 . <SEP> how much
other early benefactors included businessmen charles l. hutchinson ( trustee , treasurer and donor of hutchinson commons ) , martin a. ryerson ( president of the board of trustees and donor of the ryerson physical laboratory ) adolphus clay bartlett and leon mandel , who funded the construction of the gymnasium and assembly hall , and george c. walker of the walker museum , a relative of cobb who encouraged his inaugural donation for facilities . <SEP> what
in the 1890s , the university of chicago , fearful that its vast resources would injure smaller schools by drawing away good students , affiliated with several regional colleges and universities : des moines college , kalamazoo college , butler university , and stetson university . <SEP> who
in 1896 , the university affiliated with shimer college in mount carroll , illinois . <SEP> what year
the university of chicago agreed to confer a degree on any graduating senior from an affiliated school who made a grade of a for all four years , and on any other graduate who took twelve weeks additional study at the university of chicago . <SEP> that
the program passed into history by 1910 . <SEP> who
the program passed into history by 1910 . <SEP> in what year
in 1929 , the university 's fifth president , robert maynard hutchins , took office ; the university underwent many changes during his 24-year tenure . <SEP> who
hutchins eliminated varsity football from the university in an attempt to emphasize academics over athletics , instituted the undergraduate college 's liberal-arts curriculum known as the common core , and organized the university 's graduate work into its current [ when ? ] <SEP> what
hutchins eliminated varsity football from the university in an attempt to emphasize academics over athletics , instituted the undergraduate college 's liberal-arts curriculum known as the common core , and organized the university 's graduate work into its current [ when ? ] <SEP> why
in 1929 , the university 's fifth president , robert maynard hutchins , took office ; the university underwent many changes during his 24-year tenure . <SEP> how long
in 1929 , the university 's fifth president , robert maynard hutchins , took office ; the university underwent many changes during his 24-year tenure . <SEP> in what year
in the early 1950s , student applications declined as a result of increasing crime and poverty in the hyde park neighborhood . <SEP> in what year
during this period the university , like shimer college and 10 others , adopted an early entrant program that allowed very young students to attend college ; in addition , students enrolled at shimer were enabled to transfer automatically to the university of chicago after their second year , having taken comparable or identical examinations and courses . <SEP> when
in response , the university became a major sponsor of a controversial urban renewal project for hyde park , which profoundly affected both the neighborhood 's architecture and street plan . <SEP> of what neighborhood
during this period the university , like shimer college and 10 others , adopted an early entrant program that allowed very young students to attend college ; in addition , students enrolled at shimer were enabled to transfer automatically to the university of chicago after their second year , having taken comparable or identical examinations and courses . <SEP> what
the university experienced its share of student unrest during the 1960s , beginning in 1962 , when students occupied president george beadle 's office in a protest over the university 's off-campus rental policies . <SEP> in what year
the university experienced its share of student unrest during the 1960s , beginning in 1962 , when students occupied president george beadle 's office in a protest over the university 's off-campus rental policies . <SEP> what
after continued turmoil , a university committee in 1967 issued what became known as the kalven report . <SEP> in what year
the report , a two-page statement of the university 's policy in " social and political action , " declared that " to perform its mission in the society , a university must sustain an extraordinary environment of freedom of inquiry and maintain an independence from political fashions , passions , and pressures . " <SEP> how many pages
the report , a two-page statement of the university 's policy in " social and political action , " declared that " to perform its mission in the society , a university must sustain an extraordinary environment of freedom of inquiry and maintain an independence from political fashions , passions , and pressures . " <SEP> what policy
from the mid-2000s , the university began a number of multimillion-dollar expansion projects . <SEP> when
in 2008 , the university of chicago announced plans to establish the milton friedman institute which attracted both support and controversy from faculty members and students . <SEP> what institute
the institute will cost around $ 200 million and occupy the buildings of the chicago theological seminary . <SEP> how much
the institute will cost around $ 200 million and occupy the buildings of the chicago theological seminary . <SEP> what buildings
during the same year , investor david g. booth donated $ 300 million to the university 's booth school of business , which is the largest gift in the university 's history and the largest gift ever to any business school . <SEP> who
the first buildings of the university of chicago campus , which make up what is now known as the main quadrangles , were part of a " master plan " conceived by two university of chicago trustees and plotted by chicago architect henry ives cobb . <SEP> what
the main quadrangles consist of six quadrangles , each surrounded by buildings , bordering one larger quadrangle . <SEP> how many quadrangles
the buildings of the main quadrangles were designed by cobb , shepley , rutan and coolidge , holabird & roche , and other architectural firms in a mixture of the victorian gothic and collegiate gothic styles , patterned on the colleges of the university of oxford . <SEP> who
after the 1940s , the gothic style on campus began to give way to modern styles . <SEP> during what
in 1955 , eero saarinen was contracted to develop a second master plan , which led to the construction of buildings both north and south of the midway , including the laird bell law quadrangle ( a complex designed by saarinen ) ; a series of arts buildings ; a building designed by ludwig mies van der rohe for the university 's school of social service administration ; , a building which is to become the home of the harris school of public policy studies by edward durrell stone , and the regenstein library , the largest building on campus , a brutalist structure designed by walter netsch of the chicago firm skidmore , owings & merrill . <SEP> who
in 1955 , eero saarinen was contracted to develop a second master plan , which led to the construction of buildings both north and south of the midway , including the laird bell law quadrangle ( a complex designed by saarinen ) ; a series of arts buildings ; a building designed by ludwig mies van der rohe for the university 's school of social service administration ; , a building which is to become the home of the harris school of public policy studies by edward durrell stone , and the regenstein library , the largest building on campus , a brutalist structure designed by walter netsch of the chicago firm skidmore , owings & merrill . <SEP> what administration
in 1955 , eero saarinen was contracted to develop a second master plan , which led to the construction of buildings both north and south of the midway , including the laird bell law quadrangle ( a complex designed by saarinen ) ; a series of arts buildings ; a building designed by ludwig mies van der rohe for the university 's school of social service administration ; , a building which is to become the home of the harris school of public policy studies by edward durrell stone , and the regenstein library , the largest building on campus , a brutalist structure designed by walter netsch of the chicago firm skidmore , owings & merrill . <SEP> what public policy school
another master plan , designed in 1999 and updated in 2004 , produced the gerald ratner athletics center ( 2003 ) , the max palevsky residential commons ( 2001 ) , south campus residence hall and dining commons ( 2009 ) , a new children 's hospital , and other construction , expansions , and restorations . <SEP> when
the university 's booth school of business maintains campuses in singapore , london , and the downtown streeterville neighborhood of chicago . <SEP> what other locations
the center in paris , a campus located on the left bank of the seine in paris , hosts various undergraduate and graduate study programs . <SEP> what river
in fall 2010 , the university of chicago also opened a center in beijing , near renmin university 's campus in haidian district . <SEP> in what year
the most recent additions are a center in new delhi , india , which opened in 2014 , and a center in hong kong which opened in 2015 . <SEP> what year
the university of chicago is governed by a board of trustees . <SEP> who
the board of trustees oversees the long-term development and plans of the university and manages fundraising efforts , and is composed of 50 members including the university president . <SEP> how many people
directly beneath the president are the provost , fourteen vice presidents ( including the chief financial officer , chief investment officer , and dean of students of the university ) , the directors of argonne national laboratory and fermilab , the secretary of the university , and the student ombudsperson . <SEP> how many vice presidents
as of august 2009 [ update ] , the chairman of the board of trustees is andrew alper , and the president of the university is robert zimmer . <SEP> what
the university is accredited by the higher learning commission . <SEP> who
the academic bodies of the university of chicago consist of the college , four divisions of graduate research and seven professional schools . <SEP> of how many divisions of graduate
the academic bodies of the university of chicago consist of the college , four divisions of graduate research and seven professional schools . <SEP> how many
the college of the university of chicago grants bachelor of arts and bachelor of science degrees in 50 academic majors and 28 minors . <SEP> how many academic majors
the college of the university of chicago grants bachelor of arts and bachelor of science degrees in 50 academic majors and 28 minors . <SEP> how many academic minors
the college 's academics are divided into five divisions : the biological sciences collegiate division , the physical sciences collegiate division , the social sciences collegiate division , the humanities collegiate division , and the new collegiate division . <SEP> how many divisions
the first four are sections within their corresponding graduate divisions , while the new collegiate division administers interdisciplinary majors and studies which do not fit in one of the other four divisions . <SEP> what division
undergraduate students are required to take a distribution of courses to satisfy the university 's core curriculum known as the common core . <SEP> what
in 2012-2013 , the core classes at chicago were limited to 17 students , and are generally led by a full-time professor ( as opposed to a teaching assistant ) . <SEP> how many student
undergraduate courses at the university of chicago are known for their demanding standards , heavy workload and academic difficulty ; according to uni in the usa , " among the academic cream of american universities – harvard , yale , princeton , mit , and the university of chicago – it is uchicago that can most convincingly claim to provide the most rigorous , intense learning experience . " <SEP> what guide
it operates the university of chicago laboratory schools ( a private day school for k-12 students and day care ) , the sonia shankman orthogenic school ( a residential treatment program for those with behavioral and emotional problems ) , and four public charter schools on the south side of chicago administered by the university 's urban education institute . <SEP> what
it operates the university of chicago laboratory schools ( a private day school for k-12 students and day care ) , the sonia shankman orthogenic school ( a residential treatment program for those with behavioral and emotional problems ) , and four public charter schools on the south side of chicago administered by the university 's urban education institute . <SEP> what
it operates the university of chicago laboratory schools ( a private day school for k-12 students and day care ) , the sonia shankman orthogenic school ( a residential treatment program for those with behavioral and emotional problems ) , and four public charter schools on the south side of chicago administered by the university 's urban education institute . <SEP> how many public charter schools
it operates the university of chicago laboratory schools ( a private day school for k-12 students and day care ) , the sonia shankman orthogenic school ( a residential treatment program for those with behavioral and emotional problems ) , and four public charter schools on the south side of chicago administered by the university 's urban education institute . <SEP> what
in addition , the hyde park day school , a school for students with learning disabilities , maintains a location on the university of chicago campus . <SEP> where
the university of chicago library system encompasses six libraries that contain a total of 9.8 million volumes , the 11th most among library systems in the united states . <SEP> how many libraries in total
the university of chicago library system encompasses six libraries that contain a total of 9.8 million volumes , the 11th most among library systems in the united states . <SEP> how man volumes
the university 's main library is the regenstein library , which contains one of the largest collections of print volumes in the united states . <SEP> what
the joe and rika mansueto library , built in 2011 , houses a large study space and an automatic book storage and retrieval system . <SEP> in what year
the john crerar library contains more than 1.3 million volumes in the biological , medical and physical sciences and collections in general science and the philosophy and history of science , medicine , and technology . <SEP> how many volumes
the university operates 12 research institutes and 113 research centers on campus . <SEP> how many research institutes
the university operates 12 research institutes and 113 research centers on campus . <SEP> how many
among these are the oriental institute—a museum and research center for near eastern studies owned and operated by the university—and a number of national resource centers , including the center for middle eastern studies . <SEP> what
the university partially manages argonne national laboratory , part of the united states department of energy 's national laboratory system , and has a joint stake in fermilab , a nearby particle physics laboratory , as well as a stake in the apache point observatory in sunspot , new mexico . <SEP> what lab
the university partially manages argonne national laboratory , part of the united states department of energy 's national laboratory system , and has a joint stake in fermilab , a nearby particle physics laboratory , as well as a stake in the apache point observatory in sunspot , new mexico . <SEP> where
in economics , the university has played an important role in shaping ideas about the free market and is the namesake of the chicago school of economics , the school of economic thought supported by milton friedman and other economists . <SEP> what role in economics
in physics , the university was the site of the chicago pile-1 ( the first self-sustained man-made nuclear reaction , part of the manhattan project ) , of robert millikan 's oil-drop experiment that calculated the charge of the electron , and of the development of radiocarbon dating by willard f. libby in 1947 . <SEP> what
the chemical experiment that tested how life originated on early earth , the miller–urey experiment , was conducted at the university . <SEP> what
rem sleep was discovered at the university in 1953 by nathaniel kleitman and eugene aserinsky . <SEP> when
it has offered a doctorate in music composition since 1933 and in cinema & media studies since 2000 , a master of fine arts in visual arts ( early 1970s ) , and a master of arts in the humanities with a creative writing track ( 2000 ) . <SEP> what year
it has offered a doctorate in music composition since 1933 and in cinema & media studies since 2000 , a master of fine arts in visual arts ( early 1970s ) , and a master of arts in the humanities with a creative writing track ( 2000 ) . <SEP> what year
it has bachelor 's degree programs in visual arts , music , and art history , and , more recently , cinema & media studies ( 1996 ) and theater & performance studies ( 2002 ) . <SEP> when
it has bachelor 's degree programs in visual arts , music , and art history , and , more recently , cinema & media studies ( 1996 ) and theater & performance studies ( 2002 ) . <SEP> when
several thousand major and non-major undergraduates enroll annually in creative and performing arts classes . <SEP> how many students
in the fall quarter of 2014 , the university of chicago enrolled 5,792 students in the college , 3,468 students in its four graduate divisions , 5,984 students in its professional schools , and 15,244 students overall . <SEP> in the fall quarter of 2014 , how many students
in the fall quarter of 2014 , the university of chicago enrolled 5,792 students in the college , 3,468 students in its four graduate divisions , 5,984 students in its professional schools , and 15,244 students overall . <SEP> in the fall quarter of 2014 , how many students
in the fall quarter of 2014 , the university of chicago enrolled 5,792 students in the college , 3,468 students in its four graduate divisions , 5,984 students in its professional schools , and 15,244 students overall . <SEP> in the fall quarter of 2014 , how many students
in the fall quarter of 2014 , the university of chicago enrolled 5,792 students in the college , 3,468 students in its four graduate divisions , 5,984 students in its professional schools , and 15,244 students overall . <SEP> in the fall quarter of 2014 , how many students
in the 2012 spring quarter , international students comprised almost 19 % of the overall study body , over 26 % of students were domestic ethnic minorities , and about 44 % of enrolled students were female . <SEP> who
in 1935 , chicago maroons football player jay berwanger became the first winner of the heisman trophy . <SEP> what player
however , the university chose to withdraw from the conference in 1946 after university president robert maynard hutchins de-emphasized varsity athletics in 1939 and dropped football . <SEP> why
students at the university of chicago run over 400 clubs and organizations known as recognized student organizations ( rsos ) . <SEP> how many clubs
students at the university of chicago run over 400 clubs and organizations known as recognized student organizations ( rsos ) . <SEP> what
notable extracurricular groups include the university of chicago college bowl team , which has won 118 tournaments and 15 national championships , leading both categories internationally . <SEP> what club
among notable rsos are the nation 's longest continuously running student film society doc films , organizing committee for the university of chicago scavenger hunt , the twice-weekly student newspaper the chicago maroon , the alternative weekly student newspaper south side weekly , the nation 's second oldest continuously running student improvisational theater troupe off-off campus , and the university-owned radio station whpk . <SEP> what
among notable rsos are the nation 's longest continuously running student film society doc films , organizing committee for the university of chicago scavenger hunt , the twice-weekly student newspaper the chicago maroon , the alternative weekly student newspaper south side weekly , the nation 's second oldest continuously running student improvisational theater troupe off-off campus , and the university-owned radio station whpk . <SEP> what
student government is made up of graduate and undergraduate students elected to represent members from their respective academic unit . <SEP> who
it is led by an executive committee , chaired by a president with the assistance of two vice presidents , one for administration and the other for student life , elected together as a slate by the student body each spring . <SEP> who
it is led by an executive committee , chaired by a president with the assistance of two vice presidents , one for administration and the other for student life , elected together as a slate by the student body each spring . <SEP> how many vice presidents
its annual budget is greater than $ 2 million . <SEP> roughly how much
there are fifteen fraternities and seven sororities at the university of chicago , as well as one co-ed community service fraternity , alpha phi omega . <SEP> how many fraternities
there are fifteen fraternities and seven sororities at the university of chicago , as well as one co-ed community service fraternity , alpha phi omega . <SEP> how many
there are fifteen fraternities and seven sororities at the university of chicago , as well as one co-ed community service fraternity , alpha phi omega . <SEP> what
there are fifteen fraternities and seven sororities at the university of chicago , as well as one co-ed community service fraternity , alpha phi omega . <SEP> how many
four of the sororities are members of the national panhellenic conference , and ten of the fraternities form the university of chicago interfraternity council . <SEP> how many fraternities
every may since 1987 , the university of chicago has held the university of chicago scavenger hunt , in which large teams of students compete to obtain notoriously esoteric items from a list . <SEP> in what month
every may since 1987 , the university of chicago has held the university of chicago scavenger hunt , in which large teams of students compete to obtain notoriously esoteric items from a list . <SEP> in what year
since 1963 , the festival of the arts ( fota ) takes over campus for 7–10 days of exhibitions and interactive artistic endeavors . <SEP> what
every january , the university holds a week-long winter festival , kuviasungnerk/kangeiko , which include early morning exercise routines and fitness workshops . <SEP> what
the university also annually holds a summer carnival and concert called summer breeze that hosts outside musicians , and is home to doc films , a student film society founded in 1932 that screens films nightly at the university . <SEP> what
in business , notable alumni include microsoft ceo satya nadella , oracle corporation founder and the third richest man in america larry ellison , goldman sachs and mf global ceo as well as former governor of new jersey jon corzine , mckinsey & company founder and author of the first management accounting textbook james o. mckinsey , arley d. cathey , bloomberg l.p. ceo daniel doctoroff , credit suisse ceo brady dougan , morningstar , inc. founder and ceo joe mansueto , chicago cubs owner and chairman thomas s. ricketts , and nba commissioner adam silver . <SEP> what microsoft ceo
in business , notable alumni include microsoft ceo satya nadella , oracle corporation founder and the third richest man in america larry ellison , goldman sachs and mf global ceo as well as former governor of new jersey jon corzine , mckinsey & company founder and author of the first management accounting textbook james o. mckinsey , arley d. cathey , bloomberg l.p. ceo daniel doctoroff , credit suisse ceo brady dougan , morningstar , inc. founder and ceo joe mansueto , chicago cubs owner and chairman thomas s. ricketts , and nba commissioner adam silver . <SEP> who
in business , notable alumni include microsoft ceo satya nadella , oracle corporation founder and the third richest man in america larry ellison , goldman sachs and mf global ceo as well as former governor of new jersey jon corzine , mckinsey & company founder and author of the first management accounting textbook james o. mckinsey , arley d. cathey , bloomberg l.p. ceo daniel doctoroff , credit suisse ceo brady dougan , morningstar , inc. founder and ceo joe mansueto , chicago cubs owner and chairman thomas s. ricketts , and nba commissioner adam silver . <SEP> who
in business , notable alumni include microsoft ceo satya nadella , oracle corporation founder and the third richest man in america larry ellison , goldman sachs and mf global ceo as well as former governor of new jersey jon corzine , mckinsey & company founder and author of the first management accounting textbook james o. mckinsey , arley d. cathey , bloomberg l.p. ceo daniel doctoroff , credit suisse ceo brady dougan , morningstar , inc. founder and ceo joe mansueto , chicago cubs owner and chairman thomas s. ricketts , and nba commissioner adam silver . <SEP> what goldman sachs ceo
in business , notable alumni include microsoft ceo satya nadella , oracle corporation founder and the third richest man in america larry ellison , goldman sachs and mf global ceo as well as former governor of new jersey jon corzine , mckinsey & company founder and author of the first management accounting textbook james o. mckinsey , arley d. cathey , bloomberg l.p. ceo daniel doctoroff , credit suisse ceo brady dougan , morningstar , inc. founder and ceo joe mansueto , chicago cubs owner and chairman thomas s. ricketts , and nba commissioner adam silver . <SEP> who
notable alumni in the field of government and politics include the founder of modern community organizing saul alinsky , obama campaign advisor and top political advisor to president bill clinton david axelrod , attorney general and federal judge robert bork , attorney general ramsey clark , prohibition agent eliot ness , supreme court justice john paul stevens , prime minister of canada william lyon mackenzie king , 11th prime minister of poland marek belka , governor of the bank of japan masaaki shirakawa , the first female african-american senator carol moseley braun , united states senator from vermont and 2016 democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders , and former world bank president paul wolfowitz . <SEP> who
notable alumni in the field of government and politics include the founder of modern community organizing saul alinsky , obama campaign advisor and top political advisor to president bill clinton david axelrod , attorney general and federal judge robert bork , attorney general ramsey clark , prohibition agent eliot ness , supreme court justice john paul stevens , prime minister of canada william lyon mackenzie king , 11th prime minister of poland marek belka , governor of the bank of japan masaaki shirakawa , the first female african-american senator carol moseley braun , united states senator from vermont and 2016 democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders , and former world bank president paul wolfowitz . <SEP> what alumni
notable alumni in the field of government and politics include the founder of modern community organizing saul alinsky , obama campaign advisor and top political advisor to president bill clinton david axelrod , attorney general and federal judge robert bork , attorney general ramsey clark , prohibition agent eliot ness , supreme court justice john paul stevens , prime minister of canada william lyon mackenzie king , 11th prime minister of poland marek belka , governor of the bank of japan masaaki shirakawa , the first female african-american senator carol moseley braun , united states senator from vermont and 2016 democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders , and former world bank president paul wolfowitz . <SEP> what alumni
notable alumni in the field of government and politics include the founder of modern community organizing saul alinsky , obama campaign advisor and top political advisor to president bill clinton david axelrod , attorney general and federal judge robert bork , attorney general ramsey clark , prohibition agent eliot ness , supreme court justice john paul stevens , prime minister of canada william lyon mackenzie king , 11th prime minister of poland marek belka , governor of the bank of japan masaaki shirakawa , the first female african-american senator carol moseley braun , united states senator from vermont and 2016 democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders , and former world bank president paul wolfowitz . <SEP> what alumni
notable alumni in the field of government and politics include the founder of modern community organizing saul alinsky , obama campaign advisor and top political advisor to president bill clinton david axelrod , attorney general and federal judge robert bork , attorney general ramsey clark , prohibition agent eliot ness , supreme court justice john paul stevens , prime minister of canada william lyon mackenzie king , 11th prime minister of poland marek belka , governor of the bank of japan masaaki shirakawa , the first female african-american senator carol moseley braun , united states senator from vermont and 2016 democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders , and former world bank president paul wolfowitz . <SEP> what prohibition agent
in literature , author of the new york times bestseller before i fall lauren oliver , pulitzer prize winning novelist philip roth , canadian-born pulitzer prize and nobel prize for literature winning writer saul bellow , political philosopher , literary critic and author of the new york times bestseller " the closing of the american mind " allan bloom , " the good war " author studs terkel , american writer , essayist , filmmaker , teacher , and political activist susan sontag , analytic philosopher and stanford university professor of comparative literature richard rorty , and american writer and satirist kurt vonnegut are notable alumni . <SEP> what
in literature , author of the new york times bestseller before i fall lauren oliver , pulitzer prize winning novelist philip roth , canadian-born pulitzer prize and nobel prize for literature winning writer saul bellow , political philosopher , literary critic and author of the new york times bestseller " the closing of the american mind " allan bloom , " the good war " author studs terkel , american writer , essayist , filmmaker , teacher , and political activist susan sontag , analytic philosopher and stanford university professor of comparative literature richard rorty , and american writer and satirist kurt vonnegut are notable alumni . <SEP> what
in literature , author of the new york times bestseller before i fall lauren oliver , pulitzer prize winning novelist philip roth , canadian-born pulitzer prize and nobel prize for literature winning writer saul bellow , political philosopher , literary critic and author of the new york times bestseller " the closing of the american mind " allan bloom , " the good war " author studs terkel , american writer , essayist , filmmaker , teacher , and political activist susan sontag , analytic philosopher and stanford university professor of comparative literature richard rorty , and american writer and satirist kurt vonnegut are notable alumni . <SEP> what alumni member
in literature , author of the new york times bestseller before i fall lauren oliver , pulitzer prize winning novelist philip roth , canadian-born pulitzer prize and nobel prize for literature winning writer saul bellow , political philosopher , literary critic and author of the new york times bestseller " the closing of the american mind " allan bloom , " the good war " author studs terkel , american writer , essayist , filmmaker , teacher , and political activist susan sontag , analytic philosopher and stanford university professor of comparative literature richard rorty , and american writer and satirist kurt vonnegut are notable alumni . <SEP> what
in literature , author of the new york times bestseller before i fall lauren oliver , pulitzer prize winning novelist philip roth , canadian-born pulitzer prize and nobel prize for literature winning writer saul bellow , political philosopher , literary critic and author of the new york times bestseller " the closing of the american mind " allan bloom , " the good war " author studs terkel , american writer , essayist , filmmaker , teacher , and political activist susan sontag , analytic philosopher and stanford university professor of comparative literature richard rorty , and american writer and satirist kurt vonnegut are notable alumni . <SEP> what
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates . <SEP> what minimalist composer
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates . <SEP> what
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates . <SEP> what video game series
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates . <SEP> what american actor
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates . <SEP> what comedian
in science , alumni include astronomers carl sagan , a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life , and edwin hubble , known for " hubble 's law " , nasa astronaut john m. grunsfeld , geneticist james watson , best known as one of the co-discoverers of the structure of dna , experimental physicist luis alvarez , popular environmentalist david suzuki , balloonist jeannette piccard , biologists ernest everett just and lynn margulis , computer scientist richard hamming , the creator of the hamming code , lithium-ion battery developer john b. goodenough , mathematician and fields medal recipient paul joseph cohen , and geochemist clair cameron patterson , who developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating . <SEP> what
in science , alumni include astronomers carl sagan , a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life , and edwin hubble , known for " hubble 's law " , nasa astronaut john m. grunsfeld , geneticist james watson , best known as one of the co-discoverers of the structure of dna , experimental physicist luis alvarez , popular environmentalist david suzuki , balloonist jeannette piccard , biologists ernest everett just and lynn margulis , computer scientist richard hamming , the creator of the hamming code , lithium-ion battery developer john b. goodenough , mathematician and fields medal recipient paul joseph cohen , and geochemist clair cameron patterson , who developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating . <SEP> what nasa astronaut
in science , alumni include astronomers carl sagan , a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life , and edwin hubble , known for " hubble 's law " , nasa astronaut john m. grunsfeld , geneticist james watson , best known as one of the co-discoverers of the structure of dna , experimental physicist luis alvarez , popular environmentalist david suzuki , balloonist jeannette piccard , biologists ernest everett just and lynn margulis , computer scientist richard hamming , the creator of the hamming code , lithium-ion battery developer john b. goodenough , mathematician and fields medal recipient paul joseph cohen , and geochemist clair cameron patterson , who developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating . <SEP> what popular environmentalist
in science , alumni include astronomers carl sagan , a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life , and edwin hubble , known for " hubble 's law " , nasa astronaut john m. grunsfeld , geneticist james watson , best known as one of the co-discoverers of the structure of dna , experimental physicist luis alvarez , popular environmentalist david suzuki , balloonist jeannette piccard , biologists ernest everett just and lynn margulis , computer scientist richard hamming , the creator of the hamming code , lithium-ion battery developer john b. goodenough , mathematician and fields medal recipient paul joseph cohen , and geochemist clair cameron patterson , who developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating . <SEP> who
in science , alumni include astronomers carl sagan , a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life , and edwin hubble , known for " hubble 's law " , nasa astronaut john m. grunsfeld , geneticist james watson , best known as one of the co-discoverers of the structure of dna , experimental physicist luis alvarez , popular environmentalist david suzuki , balloonist jeannette piccard , biologists ernest everett just and lynn margulis , computer scientist richard hamming , the creator of the hamming code , lithium-ion battery developer john b. goodenough , mathematician and fields medal recipient paul joseph cohen , and geochemist clair cameron patterson , who developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating . <SEP> what geochemist
in economics , notable nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winners milton friedman , a major advisor to republican u.s. president ronald reagan and conservative british prime minister margaret thatcher , george stigler , nobel laureate and proponent of regulatory capture theory , gary becker , an important contributor to the family economics branch of economics , herbert a. simon , responsible for the modern interpretation of the concept of organizational decision-making , paul samuelson , the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences , and eugene fama , known for his work on portfolio theory , asset pricing and stock market behaviour , are all graduates . <SEP> what nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winner
in economics , notable nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winners milton friedman , a major advisor to republican u.s. president ronald reagan and conservative british prime minister margaret thatcher , george stigler , nobel laureate and proponent of regulatory capture theory , gary becker , an important contributor to the family economics branch of economics , herbert a. simon , responsible for the modern interpretation of the concept of organizational decision-making , paul samuelson , the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences , and eugene fama , known for his work on portfolio theory , asset pricing and stock market behaviour , are all graduates . <SEP> what british prime minister advisor
in economics , notable nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winners milton friedman , a major advisor to republican u.s. president ronald reagan and conservative british prime minister margaret thatcher , george stigler , nobel laureate and proponent of regulatory capture theory , gary becker , an important contributor to the family economics branch of economics , herbert a. simon , responsible for the modern interpretation of the concept of organizational decision-making , paul samuelson , the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences , and eugene fama , known for his work on portfolio theory , asset pricing and stock market behaviour , are all graduates . <SEP> who
in economics , notable nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winners milton friedman , a major advisor to republican u.s. president ronald reagan and conservative british prime minister margaret thatcher , george stigler , nobel laureate and proponent of regulatory capture theory , gary becker , an important contributor to the family economics branch of economics , herbert a. simon , responsible for the modern interpretation of the concept of organizational decision-making , paul samuelson , the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences , and eugene fama , known for his work on portfolio theory , asset pricing and stock market behaviour , are all graduates . <SEP> what university alumni member
other prominent alumni include anthropologists david graeber and donald johanson , who is best known for discovering the fossil of a female hominid australopithecine known as " lucy " in the afar triangle region , psychologist john b. watson , american psychologist who established the psychological school of behaviorism , communication theorist harold innis , chess grandmaster samuel reshevsky , and conservative international relations scholar and white house coordinator of security planning for the national security council samuel p. huntington . <SEP> what
other prominent alumni include anthropologists david graeber and donald johanson , who is best known for discovering the fossil of a female hominid australopithecine known as " lucy " in the afar triangle region , psychologist john b. watson , american psychologist who established the psychological school of behaviorism , communication theorist harold innis , chess grandmaster samuel reshevsky , and conservative international relations scholar and white house coordinator of security planning for the national security council samuel p. huntington . <SEP> what chess grandmaster
other prominent alumni include anthropologists david graeber and donald johanson , who is best known for discovering the fossil of a female hominid australopithecine known as " lucy " in the afar triangle region , psychologist john b. watson , american psychologist who established the psychological school of behaviorism , communication theorist harold innis , chess grandmaster samuel reshevsky , and conservative international relations scholar and white house coordinator of security planning for the national security council samuel p. huntington . <SEP> what conservative international relations scholar
notable faculty in physics have included the speed of light calculator a. michelson , elementary charge calculator robert a. millikan , discoverer of the compton effect arthur h. compton , the creator of the first nuclear reactor enrico fermi , " the father of the hydrogen bomb " edward teller , " one of the most brilliant and productive experimental physicists of the twentieth century " luis walter alvarez , murray gell-mann who introduced the quark , second female nobel laureate maria goeppert-mayer , the youngest american winner of the nobel prize tsung-dao lee , and astrophysicist subrahmanyan chandrasekhar . <SEP> who
notable faculty in physics have included the speed of light calculator a. michelson , elementary charge calculator robert a. millikan , discoverer of the compton effect arthur h. compton , the creator of the first nuclear reactor enrico fermi , " the father of the hydrogen bomb " edward teller , " one of the most brilliant and productive experimental physicists of the twentieth century " luis walter alvarez , murray gell-mann who introduced the quark , second female nobel laureate maria goeppert-mayer , the youngest american winner of the nobel prize tsung-dao lee , and astrophysicist subrahmanyan chandrasekhar . <SEP> who
notable faculty in physics have included the speed of light calculator a. michelson , elementary charge calculator robert a. millikan , discoverer of the compton effect arthur h. compton , the creator of the first nuclear reactor enrico fermi , " the father of the hydrogen bomb " edward teller , " one of the most brilliant and productive experimental physicists of the twentieth century " luis walter alvarez , murray gell-mann who introduced the quark , second female nobel laureate maria goeppert-mayer , the youngest american winner of the nobel prize tsung-dao lee , and astrophysicist subrahmanyan chandrasekhar . <SEP> who
notable faculty in physics have included the speed of light calculator a. michelson , elementary charge calculator robert a. millikan , discoverer of the compton effect arthur h. compton , the creator of the first nuclear reactor enrico fermi , " the father of the hydrogen bomb " edward teller , " one of the most brilliant and productive experimental physicists of the twentieth century " luis walter alvarez , murray gell-mann who introduced the quark , second female nobel laureate maria goeppert-mayer , the youngest american winner of the nobel prize tsung-dao lee , and astrophysicist subrahmanyan chandrasekhar . <SEP> who
notable faculty in physics have included the speed of light calculator a. michelson , elementary charge calculator robert a. millikan , discoverer of the compton effect arthur h. compton , the creator of the first nuclear reactor enrico fermi , " the father of the hydrogen bomb " edward teller , " one of the most brilliant and productive experimental physicists of the twentieth century " luis walter alvarez , murray gell-mann who introduced the quark , second female nobel laureate maria goeppert-mayer , the youngest american winner of the nobel prize tsung-dao lee , and astrophysicist subrahmanyan chandrasekhar . <SEP> who
past faculty have also included egyptologist james henry breasted , mathematician alberto calderón , nobel prize winning economist and classical liberalism defender friedrich hayek , meteorologist ted fujita , chemists glenn t. seaborg , the developer of the actinide concept and nobel prize winner yuan t. lee , nobel prize winning novelist saul bellow , political philosopher and author allan bloom , cancer researchers charles brenton huggins and janet rowley , astronomer gerard kuiper , one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics edward sapir , and the founder of mckinsey & co. , james o. mckinsey . <SEP> what egyptologist
past faculty have also included egyptologist james henry breasted , mathematician alberto calderón , nobel prize winning economist and classical liberalism defender friedrich hayek , meteorologist ted fujita , chemists glenn t. seaborg , the developer of the actinide concept and nobel prize winner yuan t. lee , nobel prize winning novelist saul bellow , political philosopher and author allan bloom , cancer researchers charles brenton huggins and janet rowley , astronomer gerard kuiper , one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics edward sapir , and the founder of mckinsey & co. , james o. mckinsey . <SEP> what mathematician
past faculty have also included egyptologist james henry breasted , mathematician alberto calderón , nobel prize winning economist and classical liberalism defender friedrich hayek , meteorologist ted fujita , chemists glenn t. seaborg , the developer of the actinide concept and nobel prize winner yuan t. lee , nobel prize winning novelist saul bellow , political philosopher and author allan bloom , cancer researchers charles brenton huggins and janet rowley , astronomer gerard kuiper , one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics edward sapir , and the founder of mckinsey & co. , james o. mckinsey . <SEP> what meteorologist
past faculty have also included egyptologist james henry breasted , mathematician alberto calderón , nobel prize winning economist and classical liberalism defender friedrich hayek , meteorologist ted fujita , chemists glenn t. seaborg , the developer of the actinide concept and nobel prize winner yuan t. lee , nobel prize winning novelist saul bellow , political philosopher and author allan bloom , cancer researchers charles brenton huggins and janet rowley , astronomer gerard kuiper , one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics edward sapir , and the founder of mckinsey & co. , james o. mckinsey . <SEP> who
past faculty have also included egyptologist james henry breasted , mathematician alberto calderón , nobel prize winning economist and classical liberalism defender friedrich hayek , meteorologist ted fujita , chemists glenn t. seaborg , the developer of the actinide concept and nobel prize winner yuan t. lee , nobel prize winning novelist saul bellow , political philosopher and author allan bloom , cancer researchers charles brenton huggins and janet rowley , astronomer gerard kuiper , one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics edward sapir , and the founder of mckinsey & co. , james o. mckinsey . <SEP> what cancer researchers
current faculty include the anthropologist marshall sahlins , historian dipesh chakrabarty , paleontologists neil shubin and paul sereno , evolutionary biologist jerry coyne , nobel prize winning physicist yoichiro nambu , nobel prize winning physicist james cronin , nobel prize winning economists eugene fama , james heckman , lars peter hansen , roger myerson and robert lucas , jr. , freakonomics author and noted economist steven levitt , current governor of india 's central bank raghuram rajan , the 74th united states secretary of the treasury and former goldman sachs chairman and ceo hank paulson , former chairman of president barack obama 's council of economic advisors austan goolsbee , shakespeare scholar david bevington , and renowned political scientists john mearsheimer and robert pape . <SEP> who
current faculty include the anthropologist marshall sahlins , historian dipesh chakrabarty , paleontologists neil shubin and paul sereno , evolutionary biologist jerry coyne , nobel prize winning physicist yoichiro nambu , nobel prize winning physicist james cronin , nobel prize winning economists eugene fama , james heckman , lars peter hansen , roger myerson and robert lucas , jr. , freakonomics author and noted economist steven levitt , current governor of india 's central bank raghuram rajan , the 74th united states secretary of the treasury and former goldman sachs chairman and ceo hank paulson , former chairman of president barack obama 's council of economic advisors austan goolsbee , shakespeare scholar david bevington , and renowned political scientists john mearsheimer and robert pape . <SEP> what shakespeare scholar
current faculty include the anthropologist marshall sahlins , historian dipesh chakrabarty , paleontologists neil shubin and paul sereno , evolutionary biologist jerry coyne , nobel prize winning physicist yoichiro nambu , nobel prize winning physicist james cronin , nobel prize winning economists eugene fama , james heckman , lars peter hansen , roger myerson and robert lucas , jr. , freakonomics author and noted economist steven levitt , current governor of india 's central bank raghuram rajan , the 74th united states secretary of the treasury and former goldman sachs chairman and ceo hank paulson , former chairman of president barack obama 's council of economic advisors austan goolsbee , shakespeare scholar david bevington , and renowned political scientists john mearsheimer and robert pape . <SEP> what
current faculty include the anthropologist marshall sahlins , historian dipesh chakrabarty , paleontologists neil shubin and paul sereno , evolutionary biologist jerry coyne , nobel prize winning physicist yoichiro nambu , nobel prize winning physicist james cronin , nobel prize winning economists eugene fama , james heckman , lars peter hansen , roger myerson and robert lucas , jr. , freakonomics author and noted economist steven levitt , current governor of india 's central bank raghuram rajan , the 74th united states secretary of the treasury and former goldman sachs chairman and ceo hank paulson , former chairman of president barack obama 's council of economic advisors austan goolsbee , shakespeare scholar david bevington , and renowned political scientists john mearsheimer and robert pape . <SEP> what
the yuan dynasty ( chinese : 元朝 ; pinyin : yuán cháo ) , officially the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ; pinyin : dà yuán ; mongolian : yehe yuan ulus [ a ] ) , was the empire or ruling dynasty of china established by kublai khan , leader of the mongolian borjigin clan . <SEP> what
the yuan dynasty ( chinese : 元朝 ; pinyin : yuán cháo ) , officially the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ; pinyin : dà yuán ; mongolian : yehe yuan ulus [ a ] ) , was the empire or ruling dynasty of china established by kublai khan , leader of the mongolian borjigin clan . <SEP> what
the yuan dynasty ( chinese : 元朝 ; pinyin : yuán cháo ) , officially the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ; pinyin : dà yuán ; mongolian : yehe yuan ulus [ a ] ) , was the empire or ruling dynasty of china established by kublai khan , leader of the mongolian borjigin clan . <SEP> who
the yuan dynasty ( chinese : 元朝 ; pinyin : yuán cháo ) , officially the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ; pinyin : dà yuán ; mongolian : yehe yuan ulus [ a ] ) , was the empire or ruling dynasty of china established by kublai khan , leader of the mongolian borjigin clan . <SEP> who
although the mongols had ruled territories including today 's north china for decades , it was not until 1271 that kublai khan officially proclaimed the dynasty in the traditional chinese style . <SEP> when
the yuan dynasty is considered both a successor to the mongol empire and an imperial chinese dynasty . <SEP> what non-chinese empire
in official chinese histories , the yuan dynasty bore the mandate of heaven , following the song dynasty and preceding the ming dynasty . <SEP> what dynasty
in official chinese histories , the yuan dynasty bore the mandate of heaven , following the song dynasty and preceding the ming dynasty . <SEP> what dynasty
the dynasty was established by kublai khan , yet he placed his grandfather genghis khan on the imperial records as the official founder of the dynasty as taizu . <SEP> who
in 1271 , kublai khan imposed the name great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ; pinyin : dà yuán ; wade–giles : ta-yüan ) , establishing the yuan dynasty . <SEP> when
" dà yuán " ( 大元 ) is from the sentence " 大哉乾元 " ( dà zai qián yuán / " great is qián , the primal " ) in the commentaries on the classic of changes ( i ching ) section regarding qián ( 乾 ) . <SEP> what writing
the counterpart in mongolian language was dai ön ulus , also rendered as ikh yuan üls or yekhe yuan ulus . <SEP> what
" great mongol state " ) , resulting in dai ön yeke mongghul ulus ( mongolian script : ) , meaning " great yuan great mongol state " . <SEP> what
furthermore , the yuan is sometimes known as the " empire of the great khan " or " khanate of the great khan " , which particularly appeared on some yuan maps , since yuan emperors held the nominal title of great khan . <SEP> what nominal title
genghis khan united the mongol and turkic tribes of the steppes and became great khan in 1206 . <SEP> which tribes
genghis khan united the mongol and turkic tribes of the steppes and became great khan in 1206 . <SEP> when
under the reign of genghis ' third son , ögedei khan , the mongols destroyed the weakened jin dynasty in 1234 , conquering most of northern china . <SEP> who
möngke khan succeeded ögedei 's son , güyük , as great khan in 1251 . <SEP> when
ögedei offered his nephew kublai a position in xingzhou , hebei . <SEP> what
many han chinese and khitan defected to the mongols to fight against the jin . <SEP> who
two han chinese leaders , shi tianze , liu heima ( 劉黑馬 , liu ni ) , and the khitan xiao zhala ( 蕭札剌 ) defected and commanded the 3 tumens in the mongol army . <SEP> what khitan leader
two han chinese leaders , shi tianze , liu heima ( 劉黑馬 , liu ni ) , and the khitan xiao zhala ( 蕭札剌 ) defected and commanded the 3 tumens in the mongol army . <SEP> what han chinese leader
there were 4 han tumens and 3 khitan tumens , with each tumen consisting of 10,000 troops . <SEP> how many soldiers
there were 4 han tumens and 3 khitan tumens , with each tumen consisting of 10,000 troops . <SEP> how many khitan tumens
shi tianze was a han chinese who lived in the jin dynasty . <SEP> what ethnicity
shi tianze was a han chinese who lived in the jin dynasty . <SEP> in what dynasty
interethnic marriage between han and jurchen became common at this time . <SEP> what kind of interethnic marriage
his father was shi bingzhi ( 史秉直 , shih ping-chih ) . <SEP> who
chagaan ( tsagaan ) and zhang rou jointly launched an attack on the song dynasty ordered by töregene khatun . <SEP> what dynasty
möngke khan commenced a military campaign against the chinese song dynasty in southern china . <SEP> who
möngke khan commenced a military campaign against the chinese song dynasty in southern china . <SEP> where
he died in 1259 without a successor . <SEP> when
kublai returned from fighting the song in 1260 when he learned that his brother , ariq böke , was challenging his claim to the throne . <SEP> who
he bolstered his popularity among his subjects by modeling his government on the bureaucracy of traditional chinese dynasties and adopting the chinese era name of zhongtong . <SEP> what chinese era name
ogedei 's grandson kaidu refused to submit to kublai and threatened the western frontier of kublai 's domain . <SEP> who
the hostile but weakened song dynasty remained an obstacle in the south . <SEP> where
kublai secured the northeast border in 1259 by installing the hostage prince wonjong as the ruler of korea , making it a mongol tributary state . <SEP> who
kublai secured the northeast border in 1259 by installing the hostage prince wonjong as the ruler of korea , making it a mongol tributary state . <SEP> where
li tan , the son-in-law of a powerful official , instigated a revolt against mongol rule in 1262 . <SEP> when
kublai 's government after 1262 was a compromise between preserving mongol interests in china and satisfying the demands of his chinese subjects . <SEP> what
he restored the imperial secretariat and left the local administrative structure of past chinese dynasties unchanged . <SEP> what administrative division
however , kublai rejected plans to revive the confucian imperial examinations and divided yuan society into three , later four , classes with the han chinese occupying the lowest rank . <SEP> who
however , kublai rejected plans to revive the confucian imperial examinations and divided yuan society into three , later four , classes with the han chinese occupying the lowest rank . <SEP> how many
he instituted the reforms proposed by his chinese advisers by centralizing the bureaucracy , expanding the circulation of paper money , and maintaining the traditional monopolies on salt and iron . <SEP> what natural resources
kublai readied the move of the mongol capital from karakorum in mongolia to khanbaliq in 1264 , constructing a new city near the former jurchen capital zhongdu , now modern beijing , in 1266 . <SEP> where
kublai readied the move of the mongol capital from karakorum in mongolia to khanbaliq in 1264 , constructing a new city near the former jurchen capital zhongdu , now modern beijing , in 1266 . <SEP> where
kublai readied the move of the mongol capital from karakorum in mongolia to khanbaliq in 1264 , constructing a new city near the former jurchen capital zhongdu , now modern beijing , in 1266 . <SEP> when
kublai readied the move of the mongol capital from karakorum in mongolia to khanbaliq in 1264 , constructing a new city near the former jurchen capital zhongdu , now modern beijing , in 1266 . <SEP> what city
khublai evoked his public image as a sage emperor by following the rituals of confucian propriety and ancestor veneration , while simultaneously retaining his roots as a leader from the steppes . <SEP> what
kublai khan promoted commercial , scientific , and cultural growth . <SEP> what kinds of growth
pax mongolica , mongol peace , enabled the spread of technologies , commodities , and culture between china and the west . <SEP> what
kublai expanded the grand canal from southern china to daidu in the north . <SEP> where
kublai expanded the grand canal from southern china to daidu in the north . <SEP> where
he welcomed foreign visitors to his court , such as the venetian merchant marco polo , who wrote the most influential european account of yuan china . <SEP> who
during the southern song dynasty the descendant of confucius at qufu , the duke yansheng kong duanyou fled south with the song emperor to quzhou , while the newly established jin dynasty ( 1115–1234 ) in the north appointed kong duanyou 's brother kong duancao who remained in qufu as duke yansheng . <SEP> who
during the southern song dynasty the descendant of confucius at qufu , the duke yansheng kong duanyou fled south with the song emperor to quzhou , while the newly established jin dynasty ( 1115–1234 ) in the north appointed kong duanyou 's brother kong duancao who remained in qufu as duke yansheng . <SEP> when
during the southern song dynasty the descendant of confucius at qufu , the duke yansheng kong duanyou fled south with the song emperor to quzhou , while the newly established jin dynasty ( 1115–1234 ) in the north appointed kong duanyou 's brother kong duancao who remained in qufu as duke yansheng . <SEP> when
during the southern song dynasty the descendant of confucius at qufu , the duke yansheng kong duanyou fled south with the song emperor to quzhou , while the newly established jin dynasty ( 1115–1234 ) in the north appointed kong duanyou 's brother kong duancao who remained in qufu as duke yansheng . <SEP> who
confucius 's descendants in quzhou alone number 30,000 . <SEP> how many people in quzhou
after strengthening his government in northern china , kublai pursued an expansionist policy in line with the tradition of mongol and chinese imperialism . <SEP> where
kublai besieged xiangyang between 1268 and 1273 , the last obstacle in his way to capture the rich yangzi river basin . <SEP> when
kublai besieged xiangyang between 1268 and 1273 , the last obstacle in his way to capture the rich yangzi river basin . <SEP> what area
kublai captured the song capital of hangzhou in 1276 , the wealthiest city of china . <SEP> what
the last song emperor drowned , bringing an end to the song dynasty . <SEP> how
kublai 's government faced financial difficulties after 1279 . <SEP> when
kublai 's second invasion of japan in 1281 failed because of an inauspicious typhoon . <SEP> what
the tran dynasty which ruled annam ( dai viet ) crushed and defeated the mongols at the battle of bạch đằng ( 1288 ) . <SEP> where
the tran dynasty which ruled annam ( dai viet ) crushed and defeated the mongols at the battle of bạch đằng ( 1288 ) . <SEP> in what battle
the tran dynasty which ruled annam ( dai viet ) crushed and defeated the mongols at the battle of bạch đằng ( 1288 ) . <SEP> when
following the conquest of dali in 1253 , the former ruling duan dynasty were appointed as governors-general , recognized as imperial officials by the yuan , ming , and qing-era governments , principally in the province of yunnan . <SEP> when
kublai originally named his eldest son , zhenjin , as the crown prince , but he died before kublai in 1285 . <SEP> who
kublai originally named his eldest son , zhenjin , as the crown prince , but he died before kublai in 1285 . <SEP> when
thus , zhenjin 's third son , with the support of his mother kökejin and the minister bayan , succeeded the throne and ruled as temür khan , or emperor chengzong , from 1294 to 1307 . <SEP> what
thus , zhenjin 's third son , with the support of his mother kökejin and the minister bayan , succeeded the throne and ruled as temür khan , or emperor chengzong , from 1294 to 1307 . <SEP> when
the fourth yuan emperor , buyantu khan ( ayurbarwada ) , was a competent emperor . <SEP> who
he was the first yuan emperor to actively support and adopt mainstream chinese culture after the reign of kublai , to the discontent of some mongol elite . <SEP> what
he had been mentored by li meng , a confucian academic . <SEP> who
he made many reforms , including the liquidation of the department of state affairs ( chinese : 尚書省 ) , which resulted in the execution of five of the highest-ranking officials . <SEP> what government department
starting in 1313 the traditional imperial examinations were reintroduced for prospective officials , testing their knowledge on significant historical works . <SEP> when
emperor gegeen khan , ayurbarwada 's son and successor , ruled for only two years , from 1321 to 1323 . <SEP> who
emperor gegeen khan , ayurbarwada 's son and successor , ruled for only two years , from 1321 to 1323 . <SEP> when
he continued his father 's policies to reform the government based on the confucian principles , with the help of his newly appointed grand chancellor baiju . <SEP> who
during his reign , the da yuan tong zhi ( chinese : 大元通制 , " the comprehensive institutions of the great yuan " ) , a huge collection of codes and regulations of the yuan dynasty begun by his father , was formally promulgated . <SEP> what
gegeen was assassinated in a coup involving five princes from a rival faction , perhaps steppe elite opposed to confucian reforms . <SEP> how many
when yesün temür died in shangdu in 1328 , tugh temür was recalled to khanbaliq by the qipchaq commander el temür . <SEP> where
gaining support from princes and officers in northern china and some other parts of the dynasty , khanbaliq-based tugh temür eventually won the civil war against ragibagh known as the war of the two capitals . <SEP> what
however , kusala suddenly died only four days after a banquet with tugh temür . <SEP> how long after a banquet with tugh temur
he was supposedly killed with poison by el temür , and tugh temür then remounted the throne . <SEP> who
he was supposedly killed with poison by el temür , and tugh temür then remounted the throne . <SEP> who
due to the fact that the bureaucracy was dominated by el temür , tugh temür is known for his cultural contribution instead . <SEP> what
his most concrete effort to patronize chinese learning was founding the academy of the pavilion of the star of literature ( chinese : 奎章閣學士院 ) , first established in the spring of 1329 and designed to undertake " a number of tasks relating to the transmission of confucian high culture to the mongolian imperial establishment " . <SEP> what academy
his most concrete effort to patronize chinese learning was founding the academy of the pavilion of the star of literature ( chinese : 奎章閣學士院 ) , first established in the spring of 1329 and designed to undertake " a number of tasks relating to the transmission of confucian high culture to the mongolian imperial establishment " . <SEP> when
the academy was responsible for compiling and publishing a number of books , but its most important achievement was its compilation of a vast institutional compendium named jingshi dadian ( chinese : 經世大典 ) . <SEP> what
tugh temür supported zhu xi 's neo-confucianism and also devoted himself in buddhism . <SEP> what religions
after the death of tugh temür in 1332 and subsequent death of rinchinbal ( emperor ningzong ) the same year , the 13-year-old toghun temür ( emperor huizong ) , the last of the nine successors of kublai khan , was summoned back from guangxi and succeeded to the throne . <SEP> when
after the death of tugh temür in 1332 and subsequent death of rinchinbal ( emperor ningzong ) the same year , the 13-year-old toghun temür ( emperor huizong ) , the last of the nine successors of kublai khan , was summoned back from guangxi and succeeded to the throne . <SEP> what chinese-style name
after the death of tugh temür in 1332 and subsequent death of rinchinbal ( emperor ningzong ) the same year , the 13-year-old toghun temür ( emperor huizong ) , the last of the nine successors of kublai khan , was summoned back from guangxi and succeeded to the throne . <SEP> how old
after the death of tugh temür in 1332 and subsequent death of rinchinbal ( emperor ningzong ) the same year , the 13-year-old toghun temür ( emperor huizong ) , the last of the nine successors of kublai khan , was summoned back from guangxi and succeeded to the throne . <SEP> how many successors of kublai
one of his successful projects was to finish the long-stalled official histories of the liao , jin , and song dynasties , which were eventually completed in 1345 . <SEP> which
the final years of the yuan dynasty were marked by struggle , famine , and bitterness among the populace . <SEP> what
in time , kublai khan 's successors lost all influence on other mongol lands across asia , while the mongols beyond the middle kingdom saw them as too chinese . <SEP> why
outlaws ravaged the country without interference from the weakening yuan armies . <SEP> what
from the late 1340s onwards , people in the countryside suffered from frequent natural disasters such as droughts , floods and the resulting famines , and the government 's lack of effective policy led to a loss of popular support . <SEP> when
in 1351 , the red turban rebellion started and grew into a nationwide uprising . <SEP> what uprising
in 1354 , when toghtogha led a large army to crush the red turban rebels , toghun temür suddenly dismissed him for fear of betrayal . <SEP> why
in 1354 , when toghtogha led a large army to crush the red turban rebels , toghun temür suddenly dismissed him for fear of betrayal . <SEP> who
he fled north to shangdu from khanbaliq ( present-day beijing ) in 1368 after the approach of the forces of the míng dynasty ( 1368–1644 ) , founded by zhu yuanzhang in the south . <SEP> when
the mongols ' extensive west asian and european contacts produced a fair amount of cultural exchange . <SEP> what
it had significantly eased trade and commerce across asia until its decline ; the communications between yuan dynasty and its ally and subordinate in persia , the ilkhanate , encouraged this development . <SEP> what
eastern crops such as carrots , turnips , new varieties of lemons , eggplants , and melons , high-quality granulated sugar , and cotton were all either introduced or successfully popularized during the yuan dynasty . <SEP> what crops
western musical instruments were introduced to enrich chinese performing arts . <SEP> what type of musical instruments
buddhism ( especially tibetan buddhism ) flourished , although taoism endured certain persecutions in favor of buddhism from the yuan government . <SEP> what religion
confucian governmental practices and examinations based on the classics , which had fallen into disuse in north china during the period of disunity , were reinstated by the yuan court , probably in the hope of maintaining order over han society . <SEP> what type of practices
advances were realized in the fields of travel literature , cartography , geography , and scientific education . <SEP> what fields of study
the most famous traveler of the period was the venetian marco polo , whose account of his trip to " cambaluc , " the capital of the great khan , and of life there astounded the people of europe . <SEP> what
the account of his travels , il milione ( or , the million , known in english as the travels of marco polo ) , appeared about the year 1299 . <SEP> what
the account of his travels , il milione ( or , the million , known in english as the travels of marco polo ) , appeared about the year 1299 . <SEP> what
some suggest that marco polo acquired much of his knowledge through contact with persian traders since many of the places he named were in persian . <SEP> how
among kublai khan 's top engineers and scientists was the astronomer guo shoujing , who was tasked with many public works projects and helped the yuan reform the lunisolar calendar to provide an accuracy of 365.2425 days of the year , which was only 26 seconds off the modern gregorian calendar 's measurement . <SEP> what astronomer
among kublai khan 's top engineers and scientists was the astronomer guo shoujing , who was tasked with many public works projects and helped the yuan reform the lunisolar calendar to provide an accuracy of 365.2425 days of the year , which was only 26 seconds off the modern gregorian calendar 's measurement . <SEP> how accurate
to provide against possible famines , granaries were ordered built throughout the empire . <SEP> what
during the yuan period , beijing became the terminus of the grand canal of china , which was completely renovated . <SEP> what city
contacts with the west also brought the introduction to china of a major food crop , sorghum , along with other foreign food products and methods of preparation . <SEP> what major crop
mongols are widely known to worship the eternal heaven , and according to the traditional mongolian ideology yuan is considered to be " the beginning of an infinite number of beings , the foundation of peace and happiness , state power , the dream of many peoples , besides it there is nothing great or precious . " <SEP> what
in traditional historiography of china , on the other hand , the yuan dynasty is usually considered to be the legitimate dynasty between the song dynasty and the ming dynasty . <SEP> what legitimate dynasty
in traditional historiography of china , on the other hand , the yuan dynasty is usually considered to be the legitimate dynasty between the song dynasty and the ming dynasty . <SEP> what legitimate dynasty
who did not consider the yuan dynasty as a legitimate dynasty of china , but rather as a period of foreign domination . <SEP> what
the system of bureaucracy created by kublai khan reflected various cultures in the empire , including that of the han chinese , khitans , jurchens , mongols , and tibetan buddhists . <SEP> what cultures
the chinese-style elements of the bureaucracy mainly came from the native tang , song , as well as khitan liao and jurchen jin dynasties . <SEP> what
chinese advisers such as liu bingzhong and yao shu gave strong influence to kublai 's early court , and the central government administration was established within the first decade of kublai 's reign . <SEP> who
this government adopted the traditional chinese tripartite division of authority among civil , military , and censorial offices , including the central secretariat ( zhongshu sheng ) to manage civil affairs , the privy council ( chinese : 樞密院 ) to manage military affairs , and the censorate to conduct internal surveillance and inspection . <SEP> what kind of division of power
this government adopted the traditional chinese tripartite division of authority among civil , military , and censorial offices , including the central secretariat ( zhongshu sheng ) to manage civil affairs , the privy council ( chinese : 樞密院 ) to manage military affairs , and the censorate to conduct internal surveillance and inspection . <SEP> what
another example was the insignificance of the ministry of war compared with native chinese dynasties , as the real military authority in yuan times resided in the privy council . <SEP> who
while the existence of these central government departments and the six ministries ( which had been introduced since the sui and tang dynasties ) gave a sinicized image in the yuan administration , the actual functions of these ministries also reflected how mongolian priorities and policies reshaped and redirected those institutions . <SEP> when
for example , the authority of the yuan legal system , the ministry of justice , did not extend to legal cases involving mongols and semuren , who had separate courts of justice . <SEP> who
another example was the insignificance of the ministry of war compared with native chinese dynasties , as the real military authority in yuan times resided in the privy council . <SEP> who
since its invention in 1269 , the 'phags-pa script , a unified script for spelling mongolian , tibetan , and chinese languages , was preserved in the court until the end of the dynasty . <SEP> when
since its invention in 1269 , the 'phags-pa script , a unified script for spelling mongolian , tibetan , and chinese languages , was preserved in the court until the end of the dynasty . <SEP> which languages
most of the emperors could not master written chinese , but they could generally converse well in the language . <SEP> how well
the mongol custom of long standing quda/marriage alliance with mongol clans , the onggirat , and the ikeres , kept the imperial blood purely mongol until the reign of tugh temur , whose mother was a tangut concubine . <SEP> which
nevertheless , a few other yuan emperors actively sponsored cultural activities ; an example is tugh temur ( emperor wenzong ) , who wrote poetry , painted , read chinese classical texts , and ordered the compilation of books . <SEP> what
the mongols practiced debt slavery , and by 1290 in all parts of the mongol empire commoners were selling their children into slavery . <SEP> by what year
seeing this as damaging to the mongol nation , kublai in 1291 forbade the sale abroad of mongols . <SEP> when
the average mongol garrison family of the yuan dynasty seems to have lived a life of decaying rural leisure , with income from the harvests of their chinese tenants eaten up by costs of equipping and dispatching men for their tours of duty . <SEP> how
in the china of the yuan , or mongol era , various important developments in the arts occurred or continued in their development , including the areas of painting , mathematics , calligraphy , poetry , and theater , with many great artists and writers being famous today . <SEP> what type of arts
due to the coming together of painting , poetry , and calligraphy at this time many of the artists practicing these different pursuits were the same individuals , though perhaps more famed for one area of their achievements than others . <SEP> which arts
often in terms of the further development of landscape painting as well as the classical joining together of the arts of painting , poetry , and calligraphy , the song dynasty and the yuan dynasty are linked together . <SEP> what dynasty
in yuan poetry , the main development was the qu , which was used among other poetic forms by most of the famous yuan poets . <SEP> what form of poetry
one of the key factors in the mix of the zaju variety show was the incorporation of poetry both classical and of the newer qu form . <SEP> what
however , unlike the western khanates , the yuan dynasty never converted to islam . <SEP> which
instead , kublai khan , the founder of the yuan dynasty , favored buddhism , especially the tibetan variants . <SEP> which religion
as a result , tibetan buddhism was established as the de facto state religion . <SEP> what
the top-level department and government agency known as the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs ( xuanzheng yuan ) was set up in khanbaliq ( modern beijing ) to supervise buddhist monks throughout the empire . <SEP> what government agency
since kublai khan only esteemed the sakya sect of tibetan buddhism , other religions became less important . <SEP> what
the mathematician zhu shijie ( 1249–1314 ) solved simultaneous equations with up to four unknowns using a rectangular array of coefficients , equivalent to modern matrices . <SEP> when
the mathematician zhu shijie ( 1249–1314 ) solved simultaneous equations with up to four unknowns using a rectangular array of coefficients , equivalent to modern matrices . <SEP> when
the mathematician zhu shijie ( 1249–1314 ) solved simultaneous equations with up to four unknowns using a rectangular array of coefficients , equivalent to modern matrices . <SEP> what modern math concept
advances in polynomial algebra were made by mathematicians during the yuan era . <SEP> what type of math
his method is described in the jade mirror of the four unknowns , written in 1303 . <SEP> when
guo shoujing applied mathematics to the construction of calendars . <SEP> what
gou derived a cubic interpolation formula for his astronomical calculations . <SEP> what
his calendar , the shoushi li ( 授時暦 ) or calendar for fixing the seasons , was disseminated in 1281 as the official calendar of the yuan dynasty . <SEP> what
his calendar , the shoushi li ( 授時暦 ) or calendar for fixing the seasons , was disseminated in 1281 as the official calendar of the yuan dynasty . <SEP> what
his calendar , the shoushi li ( 授時暦 ) or calendar for fixing the seasons , was disseminated in 1281 as the official calendar of the yuan dynasty . <SEP> when
healers were divided into non-mongol physicians called otachi and traditional mongol shamans . <SEP> who
the mongols characterized otachi doctors by their use of herbal remedies , which was distinguished from the spiritual cures of mongol shamanism . <SEP> what type of medicine
the mongols characterized otachi doctors by their use of herbal remedies , which was distinguished from the spiritual cures of mongol shamanism . <SEP> what type of medicine
kublai created the imperial academy of medicine to manage medical treatises and the education of new doctors . <SEP> what department
confucian scholars were attracted to the medical profession because it ensured a high income and medical ethics were compatible with confucian virtues . <SEP> why
all four schools were based on the same intellectual foundation , but advocated different theoretical approaches toward medicine . <SEP> how many schools of medicine
the chinese medical tradition of the yuan had " four great schools " that the yuan inherited from the jin dynasty . <SEP> how
chinese physicians were brought along military campaigns by the mongols as they expanded towards the west . <SEP> how
chinese medical techniques such as acupuncture , moxibustion , pulse diagnosis , and various herbal drugs and elixirs were transmitted westward to the middle east and the rest of the empire . <SEP> what techniques
the physician wei yilin ( 1277–1347 ) invented a suspension method for reducing dislocated joints , which he performed using anesthetics . <SEP> when
western medicine was also practiced in china by the nestorian christians of the yuan court , where it was sometimes labeled as huihui or muslim medicine . <SEP> what
the nestorian physician jesus the interpreter founded the office of western medicine in 1263 during the reign of kublai . <SEP> who
the nestorian physician jesus the interpreter founded the office of western medicine in 1263 during the reign of kublai . <SEP> when
chinese physicians opposed western medicine because its humoral system contradicted the yin-yang and wuxing philosophy underlying traditional chinese medicine . <SEP> what aspect of western medicine
chinese physicians opposed western medicine because its humoral system contradicted the yin-yang and wuxing philosophy underlying traditional chinese medicine . <SEP> what philosophies
chinese printing technology was transferred to the mongols through kingdom of qocho and tibetan intermediaries . <SEP> how
some yuan documents such as wang zhen 's nong shu were printed with earthenware movable type , a technology invented in the 12th century . <SEP> who
some yuan documents such as wang zhen 's nong shu were printed with earthenware movable type , a technology invented in the 12th century . <SEP> when
the publication of a taoist text inscribed with the name of töregene khatun , ögedei 's wife , is one of the first printed works sponsored by the mongols . <SEP> who
in 1273 , the mongols created the imperial library directorate , a government-sponsored printing office . <SEP> when
one of the more notable applications of printing technology was the chao , the paper money of the yuan . <SEP> what
chao were made from the bark of mulberry trees . <SEP> what
the yuan government used woodblocks to print paper money , but switched to bronze plates in 1275 . <SEP> when
the yuan government used woodblocks to print paper money , but switched to bronze plates in 1275 . <SEP> what
the il-khanate government issued paper money in 1294 , but public distrust of the exotic new currency doomed the experiment . <SEP> when
politically , the system of government created by kublai khan was the product of a compromise between mongolian patrimonial feudalism and the traditional chinese autocratic-bureaucratic system . <SEP> what mongolian system
politically , the system of government created by kublai khan was the product of a compromise between mongolian patrimonial feudalism and the traditional chinese autocratic-bureaucratic system . <SEP> what chinese system
although the traditional chinese elite were not given their share of power , the mongols and the semuren ( various allied groups from central asia and the western end of the empire ) largely remained strangers to the mainstream chinese culture , and this dichotomy gave the yuan regime a somewhat strong " colonial " coloration . <SEP> who
although the traditional chinese elite were not given their share of power , the mongols and the semuren ( various allied groups from central asia and the western end of the empire ) largely remained strangers to the mainstream chinese culture , and this dichotomy gave the yuan regime a somewhat strong " colonial " coloration . <SEP> how
in general there were very few north chinese or southerners reaching the highest-post in the government compared with the possibility that persians did so in the ilkhanate . <SEP> where
at the same time the mongols imported central asian muslims to serve as administrators in china , the mongols also sent han chinese and khitans from china to serve as administrators over the muslim population in bukhara in central asia , using foreigners to curtail the power of the local peoples of both lands . <SEP> who
at the same time the mongols imported central asian muslims to serve as administrators in china , the mongols also sent han chinese and khitans from china to serve as administrators over the muslim population in bukhara in central asia , using foreigners to curtail the power of the local peoples of both lands . <SEP> who
han chinese were moved to central asian areas like besh baliq , almaliq , and samarqand by the mongols where they worked as artisans and farmers . <SEP> where
han chinese were moved to central asian areas like besh baliq , almaliq , and samarqand by the mongols where they worked as artisans and farmers . <SEP> what types of work
the mongol appointed governor of samarqand was a qara-khitay ( khitan ) , held the title taishi , familiar with chinese culture his name was ahai <SEP> who
despite the high position given to muslims , some policies of the yuan emperors severely discriminated against them , restricting halal slaughter and other islamic practices like circumcision , as well as kosher butchering for jews , forcing them to eat food the mongol way . <SEP> what yuan policies
despite the high position given to muslims , some policies of the yuan emperors severely discriminated against them , restricting halal slaughter and other islamic practices like circumcision , as well as kosher butchering for jews , forcing them to eat food the mongol way . <SEP> what jewish practice
the ming founder zhu yuanzhang had muslim generals like lan yu who rebelled against the mongols and defeated them in combat . <SEP> who
some muslim communities had a chinese surname which meant " barracks " and could also mean " thanks " . <SEP> what
the muslims in the semu class also revolted against the yuan dynasty in the ispah rebellion but the rebellion was crushed and the muslims were massacred by the yuan loyalist commander chen youding . <SEP> who
the historian frederick w. mote wrote that the usage of the term " social classes " for this system was misleading and that the position of people within the four-class system was not an indication of their actual social power and wealth , but just entailed " degrees of privilege " to which they were entitled institutionally and legally , so a person 's standing within the classes was not a guarantee of their standing , since there were rich and well socially standing chinese while there were less rich mongol and semu than there were mongol and semu who lived in poverty and were ill treated . <SEP> who
the historian frederick w. mote wrote that the usage of the term " social classes " for this system was misleading and that the position of people within the four-class system was not an indication of their actual social power and wealth , but just entailed " degrees of privilege " to which they were entitled institutionally and legally , so a person 's standing within the classes was not a guarantee of their standing , since there were rich and well socially standing chinese while there were less rich mongol and semu than there were mongol and semu who lived in poverty and were ill treated . <SEP> what
the northern chinese were ranked higher and southern chinese were ranked lower because southern china withstood and fought to the last before caving in . <SEP> which part of china
the northern chinese were ranked higher and southern chinese were ranked lower because southern china withstood and fought to the last before caving in . <SEP> which part of china
the northern chinese were ranked higher and southern chinese were ranked lower because southern china withstood and fought to the last before caving in . <SEP> why
the earlier they surrendered to the mongols , the higher they were placed , the more the held out , the lower they were ranked . <SEP> why
major commerce during this era gave rise to favorable conditions for private southern chinese manufacturers and merchants . <SEP> who
when the mongols placed the uighurs of the kingdom of qocho over the koreans at the court the korean king objected , then the mongol emperor kublai khan rebuked the korean king , saying that the uighur king of qocho was ranked higher than the karluk kara-khanid ruler , who in turn was ranked higher than the korean king , who was ranked last , because the uighurs surrendered to the mongols first , the karluks surrendered after the uighurs , and the koreans surrendered last , and that the uighurs surrendered peacefully without violently resisting . <SEP> who
when the mongols placed the uighurs of the kingdom of qocho over the koreans at the court the korean king objected , then the mongol emperor kublai khan rebuked the korean king , saying that the uighur king of qocho was ranked higher than the karluk kara-khanid ruler , who in turn was ranked higher than the korean king , who was ranked last , because the uighurs surrendered to the mongols first , the karluks surrendered after the uighurs , and the koreans surrendered last , and that the uighurs surrendered peacefully without violently resisting . <SEP> who
when the mongols placed the uighurs of the kingdom of qocho over the koreans at the court the korean king objected , then the mongol emperor kublai khan rebuked the korean king , saying that the uighur king of qocho was ranked higher than the karluk kara-khanid ruler , who in turn was ranked higher than the korean king , who was ranked last , because the uighurs surrendered to the mongols first , the karluks surrendered after the uighurs , and the koreans surrendered last , and that the uighurs surrendered peacefully without violently resisting . <SEP> who
when the mongols placed the uighurs of the kingdom of qocho over the koreans at the court the korean king objected , then the mongol emperor kublai khan rebuked the korean king , saying that the uighur king of qocho was ranked higher than the karluk kara-khanid ruler , who in turn was ranked higher than the korean king , who was ranked last , because the uighurs surrendered to the mongols first , the karluks surrendered after the uighurs , and the koreans surrendered last , and that the uighurs surrendered peacefully without violently resisting . <SEP> why
the central region , consisting of present-day hebei , shandong , shanxi , the south-eastern part of present-day inner mongolia and the henan areas to the north of the yellow river , was considered the most important region of the dynasty and directly governed by the central secretariat ( or zhongshu sheng ) at khanbaliq ( modern beijing ) ; similarly , another top-level administrative department called the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs ( or xuanzheng yuan ) held administrative rule over the whole of modern-day tibet and a part of sichuan , qinghai and kashmir . <SEP> what region of china
the central region , consisting of present-day hebei , shandong , shanxi , the south-eastern part of present-day inner mongolia and the henan areas to the north of the yellow river , was considered the most important region of the dynasty and directly governed by the central secretariat ( or zhongshu sheng ) at khanbaliq ( modern beijing ) ; similarly , another top-level administrative department called the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs ( or xuanzheng yuan ) held administrative rule over the whole of modern-day tibet and a part of sichuan , qinghai and kashmir . <SEP> who
the central region , consisting of present-day hebei , shandong , shanxi , the south-eastern part of present-day inner mongolia and the henan areas to the north of the yellow river , was considered the most important region of the dynasty and directly governed by the central secretariat ( or zhongshu sheng ) at khanbaliq ( modern beijing ) ; similarly , another top-level administrative department called the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs ( or xuanzheng yuan ) held administrative rule over the whole of modern-day tibet and a part of sichuan , qinghai and kashmir . <SEP> where
the central region , consisting of present-day hebei , shandong , shanxi , the south-eastern part of present-day inner mongolia and the henan areas to the north of the yellow river , was considered the most important region of the dynasty and directly governed by the central secretariat ( or zhongshu sheng ) at khanbaliq ( modern beijing ) ; similarly , another top-level administrative department called the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs ( or xuanzheng yuan ) held administrative rule over the whole of modern-day tibet and a part of sichuan , qinghai and kashmir . <SEP> what modern city
the central region , consisting of present-day hebei , shandong , shanxi , the south-eastern part of present-day inner mongolia and the henan areas to the north of the yellow river , was considered the most important region of the dynasty and directly governed by the central secretariat ( or zhongshu sheng ) at khanbaliq ( modern beijing ) ; similarly , another top-level administrative department called the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs ( or xuanzheng yuan ) held administrative rule over the whole of modern-day tibet and a part of sichuan , qinghai and kashmir . <SEP> what
kenya ( /ˈkɛnjə/ ; locally [ ˈkɛɲa ] ( listen ) , officially the republic of kenya , is a country in africa and a founding member of the east african community ( eac ) . <SEP> where
kenya ( /ˈkɛnjə/ ; locally [ ˈkɛɲa ] ( listen ) , officially the republic of kenya , is a country in africa and a founding member of the east african community ( eac ) . <SEP> what
it is bordered by tanzania to the south , uganda to the west , south sudan to the north-west , ethiopia to the north and somalia to the north-east . <SEP> what country
kenya covers 581,309 km2 ( 224,445 sq mi ) , and had a population of approximately 45 million people in july 2014 . <SEP> what
kenya has a warm and humid tropical climate on its indian ocean coastline . <SEP> what type of climate
the climate is cooler in the savannah grasslands around the capital city , nairobi , and especially closer to mount kenya , which has snow permanently on its peaks . <SEP> how
the climate is cooler in the savannah grasslands around the capital city , nairobi , and especially closer to mount kenya , which has snow permanently on its peaks . <SEP> what mountain
the north-eastern regions along the border with somalia and ethiopia are arid and semi-arid areas with near-desert landscapes . <SEP> what regions
kenya is known for its safaris , diverse climate and geography , and expansive wildlife reserves and national parks such as the east and west tsavo national park , the maasai mara , lake nakuru national park , and aberdares national park . <SEP> what
the african great lakes region , which kenya is a part of , has been inhabited by humans since the lower paleolithic period . <SEP> how long
by the first millennium ad , the bantu expansion had reached the area from west-central africa . <SEP> when
bantu and nilotic populations together constitute around 97 % of the nation 's residents . <SEP> where
european and arab presence in coastal mombasa dates to the early modern period ; european exploration of the interior began in the 19th century . <SEP> when
kenya obtained independence in december 1963 . <SEP> when
the republic of kenya is named after mount kenya . <SEP> what
the origin of the name kenya is not clear , but perhaps linked to the kikuyu , embu and kamba words kirinyaga , kirenyaa and kiinyaa which mean " god 's resting place " in all three languages . <SEP> what words to they
the origin of the name kenya is not clear , but perhaps linked to the kikuyu , embu and kamba words kirinyaga , kirenyaa and kiinyaa which mean " god 's resting place " in all three languages . <SEP> what
others say that this was—on the contrary—a very precise notation of a correct african pronunciation /ˈkɛnjə/ . <SEP> what
an 1882 map drawn by joseph thompsons , a scottish geologist and naturalist , indicated mt . kenya as mt . kenia , 1862 . <SEP> who
an 1882 map drawn by joseph thompsons , a scottish geologist and naturalist , indicated mt . kenya as mt . kenia , 1862 . <SEP> what year
the " big five " game animals of africa , that is the lion , leopard , buffalo , rhinoceros , and elephant , can be found in kenya and in the masai mara in particular . <SEP> what
the " big five " game animals of africa , that is the lion , leopard , buffalo , rhinoceros , and elephant , can be found in kenya and in the masai mara in particular . <SEP> what
the " big five " game animals of africa , that is the lion , leopard , buffalo , rhinoceros , and elephant , can be found in kenya and in the masai mara in particular . <SEP> where
the annual animal migration occurs between june and september with millions of animals taking part , attracting valuable foreign tourism . <SEP> when
two million wildebeest migrate a distance of 2,900 kilometres ( 1,802 mi ) from the serengeti in neighbouring tanzania to the masai mara in kenya , in a constant clockwise fashion , searching for food and water supplies . <SEP> how far
fossils found in kenya suggest that primates roamed the area more than 20 million years ago . <SEP> how long ago
recent findings near lake turkana indicate that hominids such as homo habilis ( 1.8 and 2.5 million years ago ) and homo erectus ( 1.8 million to 350,000 years ago ) are possible direct ancestors of modern homo sapiens , and lived in kenya in the pleistocene epoch . <SEP> when
during excavations at lake turkana in 1984 , paleoanthropologist richard leakey assisted by kamoya kimeu discovered the turkana boy , a 1.6-million-year-old fossil belonging to homo erectus . <SEP> who
during excavations at lake turkana in 1984 , paleoanthropologist richard leakey assisted by kamoya kimeu discovered the turkana boy , a 1.6-million-year-old fossil belonging to homo erectus . <SEP> how old
previous research on early hominids is particularly identified with mary leakey and louis leakey , who were responsible for the preliminary archaeological research at olorgesailie and hyrax hill . <SEP> who
the swahili built mombasa into a major port city and established trade links with other nearby city-states , as well as commercial centres in persia , arabia , and even india . <SEP> who
the swahili built mombasa into a major port city and established trade links with other nearby city-states , as well as commercial centres in persia , arabia , and even india . <SEP> what
by the 15th-century , portuguese voyager duarte barbosa claimed that " mombasa is a place of great traffic and has a good harbour in which there are always moored small craft of many kinds and also great ships , both of which are bound from sofala and others which come from cambay and melinde and others which sail to the island of zanzibar . " <SEP> what voyager
throughout the centuries , the kenyan coast has played host to many merchants and explorers . <SEP> where
among the cities that line the kenyan coast is the city of malindi . <SEP> what
at the outbreak of world war i in august 1914 , the governors of british east africa ( as the protectorate was generally known ) and german east africa agreed a truce in an attempt to keep the young colonies out of direct hostilities . <SEP> when
at the outbreak of world war i in august 1914 , the governors of british east africa ( as the protectorate was generally known ) and german east africa agreed a truce in an attempt to keep the young colonies out of direct hostilities . <SEP> what two governors
lt col paul von lettow-vorbeck took command of the german military forces , determined to tie down as many british resources as possible . <SEP> who
completely cut off from germany , von lettow conducted an effective guerrilla warfare campaign , living off the land , capturing british supplies , and remaining undefeated . <SEP> how
he eventually surrendered in northern rhodesia ( today zambia ) fourteen days after the armistice was signed in 1918 . <SEP> where
the central highlands were already home to over a million members of the kikuyu people , most of whom had no land claims in european terms and lived as itinerant farmers . <SEP> where
the central highlands were already home to over a million members of the kikuyu people , most of whom had no land claims in european terms and lived as itinerant farmers . <SEP> how
to protect their interests , the settlers banned the growing of coffee , introduced a hut tax , and the landless were granted less and less land in exchange for their labour . <SEP> how
there were 80,000 white settlers living in kenya in the 1950s . <SEP> how many
the capture of warũhiũ itote ( aka general china ) on 15 january 1954 and the subsequent interrogation led to a better understanding of the mau command structure . <SEP> when
operation anvil opened on 24 april 1954 , after weeks of planning by the army with the approval of the war council . <SEP> when
by the end of the emergency , the home guard had killed 4,686 mau , amounting to 42 % of the total insurgents . <SEP> how many of the mau
the most important of these was the swynnerton plan , which was used to both reward loyalists and punish mau . <SEP> what
the first direct elections for native kenyans to the legislative council took place in 1957 . <SEP> when
despite british hopes of handing power to " moderate " local rivals , it was the kenya african national union ( kanu ) of jomo kenyatta that formed a government . <SEP> who
the colony of kenya and the protectorate of kenya each came to an end on 12 december 1963 with independence being conferred on all of kenya . <SEP> when
in this way , kenya became an independent country under the kenya independence act 1963 of the united kingdom . <SEP> when
exactly 12 months later on 12 december 1964 , kenya became a republic under the name " republic of kenya " . <SEP> what
the election held in 1988 saw the advent of the mlolongo ( queuing ) system , where voters were supposed to line up behind their favoured candidates instead of a secret ballot . <SEP> what
in democratic , multiparty elections in 1992 and 1997 , daniel arap moi won re-election . <SEP> who
kenya is a presidential representative democratic republic . <SEP> what kind of government
the president is both the head of state and head of government , and of a multi-party system . <SEP> what titles
executive power is exercised by the government . <SEP> who
legislative power is vested in both the government and the national assembly and the senate . <SEP> who
kenya ranks low on transparency international 's corruption perception index ( cpi ) , a metric which attempts to gauge the prevalence of public sector corruption in various countries . <SEP> where
kenya ranks low on transparency international 's corruption perception index ( cpi ) , a metric which attempts to gauge the prevalence of public sector corruption in various countries . <SEP> what
in 2012 , the nation placed 139th out of 176 total countries in the cpi , with a score of 27/100 . <SEP> where
however , there are several rather significant developments with regards to curbing corruption from the kenyan government , for instance , the establishment of a new and independent ethics and anti-corruption commission ( eacc ) . <SEP> how
in the presidential elections , president kibaki under the party of national unity ran for re-election against the main opposition party , the orange democratic movement ( odm ) . <SEP> what party
in the presidential elections , president kibaki under the party of national unity ran for re-election against the main opposition party , the orange democratic movement ( odm ) . <SEP> who
as the eck continued to count the votes , kibaki closed the gap and then overtook his opponent by a substantial margin after votes from his stronghold arrived later . <SEP> what
this led to protests and open discrediting of the eck for complicity and to odinga declaring himself the " people 's president " and calling for a recount . <SEP> who
since the election riots , the government and civil society organisations started programmes to avoid similar disasters in the future , said agnes r. m. aboum – executive director of taabco research and development consultants in nairobi – in the magazine d+c development and cooperation . <SEP> what
for example , the truth , justice and reconciliation commission initiated community dialogues , the evangelical lutheran church in kenya started peace meetings and the kenya national dialogue and reconciliation process was started . <SEP> what group
for example , the truth , justice and reconciliation commission initiated community dialogues , the evangelical lutheran church in kenya started peace meetings and the kenya national dialogue and reconciliation process was started . <SEP> what group
for example , the truth , justice and reconciliation commission initiated community dialogues , the evangelical lutheran church in kenya started peace meetings and the kenya national dialogue and reconciliation process was started . <SEP> what
on 28 february 2008 , kibaki and odinga signed an agreement on the formation of a coalition government in which odinga would become kenya 's second prime minister . <SEP> when
on 28 february 2008 , kibaki and odinga signed an agreement on the formation of a coalition government in which odinga would become kenya 's second prime minister . <SEP> what
under the deal , the president would appoint cabinet ministers from both pnu and odm camps depending on each party 's strength in parliament . <SEP> where
under the deal , the president would appoint cabinet ministers from both pnu and odm camps depending on each party 's strength in parliament . <SEP> how
after debates , it was passed by parliament , the coalition would hold until the end of the current parliament or if either of the parties withdraws from the deal before then . <SEP> how long
the new office of the pm will have power and authority to co-ordinate and supervise the functions of the government and will be occupied by an elected mp who will be the leader of the party or coalition with majority members in parliament . <SEP> what
the world watched annan and his un-backed panel and african union chairman jakaya kikwete as they brought together the former rivals to the signing ceremony , beamed live on national tv from the steps of nairobi 's harambee house . <SEP> who
the world watched annan and his un-backed panel and african union chairman jakaya kikwete as they brought together the former rivals to the signing ceremony , beamed live on national tv from the steps of nairobi 's harambee house . <SEP> where
on 29 february 2008 , representatives of pnu and odm began working on the finer details of the power-sharing agreement . <SEP> when
the deal brought kibaki 's pnu and odinga 's odm together and heralded the formation of the grand coalition , in which the two political parties would share power equally . <SEP> what
a constitutional change was considered that would eliminate the position of prime minister and simultaneously reduce the powers of the president . <SEP> what constitutional change
a referendum to vote on the proposed constitution was held on 4 august 2010 , and the new constitution passed by a wide margin . <SEP> when
among other things , the new constitution delegates more power to local governments and gives kenyans a bill of rights . <SEP> what else
it was promulgated on 27 august 2010 at a euphoric ceremony in nairobi 's uhuru park , accompanied by a 21-gun salute . <SEP> when
as of that day , the new constitution heralding the second republic came into force . <SEP> what
in december 2014 , president uhuru kenyatta signed a security laws amendment bill , which supporters of the law suggested was necessary to guard against armed groups . <SEP> when
in december 2014 , president uhuru kenyatta signed a security laws amendment bill , which supporters of the law suggested was necessary to guard against armed groups . <SEP> why
opposition politicians , human rights groups , and nine western countries criticised the security bill , arguing that it infringed on democratic freedoms . <SEP> who
opposition politicians , human rights groups , and nine western countries criticised the security bill , arguing that it infringed on democratic freedoms . <SEP> why
the governments of the united states , britain , germany and france also collectively issued a press statement cautioning about the law 's potential impact . <SEP> who
with international criminal court trial dates in 2013 for both president kenyatta and deputy president william ruto related to the 2007 election aftermath , us president barack obama chose not to visit the country during his mid-2013 african trip . <SEP> what
with international criminal court trial dates in 2013 for both president kenyatta and deputy president william ruto related to the 2007 election aftermath , us president barack obama chose not to visit the country during his mid-2013 african trip . <SEP> who
later in the summer , kenyatta visited china at the invitation of president xi jinping after a stop in russia and not having visited the united states as president . <SEP> where
in july 2015 obama visited kenya , as the first american president to visit the country while in office . <SEP> when
the armed forces are regularly deployed in peacekeeping missions around the world . <SEP> what kind of missions
further , in the aftermath of the national elections of december 2007 and the violence that subsequently engulfed the country , a commission of inquiry , the waki commission , commended its readiness and adjudged it to " have performed its duty well . " <SEP> what
nevertheless , there have been serious allegations of human rights violations , most recently while conducting counter-insurgency operations in the mt elgon area and also in the district of mandera central . <SEP> what kind of allegations
kenya ’ s armed forces , like many government institutions in the country , have been tainted by corruption allegations . <SEP> what other forces
because the operations of the armed forces have been traditionally cloaked by the ubiquitous blanket of “ state security ” , the corruption has been less in public view , and thus less subject to public scrutiny and notoriety . <SEP> why
in what are by kenyan standards unprecedented revelations , in 2010 , credible claims of corruption were made with regard to recruitment and procurement of armoured personnel carriers . <SEP> what
further , the wisdom and prudence of certain decisions of procurement have been publicly questioned . <SEP> what else
although kenya is the biggest and most advanced economy in east and central africa , and has an affluent urban minority , it has a human development index ( hdi ) of 0.519 , ranked 145 out of 186 in the world . <SEP> what
although kenya is the biggest and most advanced economy in east and central africa , and has an affluent urban minority , it has a human development index ( hdi ) of 0.519 , ranked 145 out of 186 in the world . <SEP> who
as of 2005 , 17.7 % of kenyans lived on less than $ 1.25 a day . <SEP> how much
kenya is usually classified as a frontier market or occasionally an emerging market , but it is not one of the least developed countries . <SEP> what kind of market
east and central africa 's biggest economy has posted tremendous growth in the service sector , boosted by rapid expansion in telecommunication and financial activity over the last decade , and now [ when ? ] <SEP> what
22 % of gdp still comes from the unreliable agricultural sector which employs 75 % of the labour force ( a consistent characteristic of under-developed economies that have not attained food security – an important catalyst of economic growth ) a small portion of the population relies on food aid . <SEP> what
[ citation needed ] industry and manufacturing is the smallest sector , accounting for 16 % of gdp . <SEP> what
22 % of gdp still comes from the unreliable agricultural sector which employs 75 % of the labour force ( a consistent characteristic of under-developed economies that have not attained food security – an important catalyst of economic growth ) a small portion of the population relies on food aid . <SEP> what percent of the labor force work
kenya 's services sector , which contributes 61 % of gdp , is dominated by tourism . <SEP> how much
kenya 's services sector , which contributes 61 % of gdp , is dominated by tourism . <SEP> what
tourists , the largest number being from germany and the united kingdom , are attracted mainly to the coastal beaches and the game reserves , notably , the expansive east and west tsavo national park 20,808 square kilometres ( 8,034 sq mi ) in the southeast . <SEP> what
tourists , the largest number being from germany and the united kingdom , are attracted mainly to the coastal beaches and the game reserves , notably , the expansive east and west tsavo national park 20,808 square kilometres ( 8,034 sq mi ) in the southeast . <SEP> where
in 2005 agriculture , including forestry and fishing , accounted for 24 % of gdp , as well as for 18 % of wage employment and 50 % of revenue from exports . <SEP> how much of the gdp
the principal cash crops are tea , horticultural produce , and coffee . <SEP> what
agriculture is the second largest contributor to kenya 's gross domestic product ( gdp ) , after the service sector . <SEP> what
the production of major food staples such as corn is subject to sharp weather-related fluctuations . <SEP> what
a consortium led by the international crops research institute for the semi-arid tropics ( icrisat ) has had some success in helping farmers grow new pigeon pea varieties , instead of maize , in particularly dry areas . <SEP> what institution
pigeon peas are very drought resistant , so can be grown in areas with less than 650 mm annual rainfall . <SEP> why
successive projects encouraged the commercialisation of legumes , by stimulating the growth of local seed production and agro-dealer networks for distribution and marketing . <SEP> how
this work , which included linking producers to wholesalers , helped to increase local producer prices by 20–25 % in nairobi and mombasa . <SEP> how
tea , coffee , sisal , pyrethrum , corn , and wheat are grown in the fertile highlands , one of the most successful agricultural production regions in africa . <SEP> where
tea , coffee , sisal , pyrethrum , corn , and wheat are grown in the fertile highlands , one of the most successful agricultural production regions in africa . <SEP> what
livestock predominates in the semi-arid savanna to the north and east . <SEP> where
unfortunately , the country has not attained the level of investment and efficiency in agriculture that can guarantee food security and coupled with resulting poverty ( 53 % of the population lives below the poverty line ) , a significant portion of the population regularly starves and is heavily dependent on food aid . <SEP> what percent
this was last seen in august and september 2011 prompting the kenyans for kenya initiative by the red cross . <SEP> what program
although kenya is the most industrially developed country in the african great lakes region , manufacturing still accounts for only 14 % of the gdp . <SEP> what country
although kenya is the most industrially developed country in the african great lakes region , manufacturing still accounts for only 14 % of the gdp . <SEP> how much of gdp
industrial activity , concentrated around the three largest urban centres , nairobi , mombasa and kisumu , is dominated by food-processing industries such as grain milling , beer production , and sugarcane crushing , and the fabrication of consumer goods , e.g. , vehicles from kits . <SEP> what
in addition , a substantial and expanding informal sector commonly referred to as jua kali engages in small-scale manufacturing of household goods , motor-vehicle parts , and farm implements . <SEP> what
kenya 's inclusion among the beneficiaries of the us government 's african growth and opportunity act ( agoa ) has given a boost to manufacturing in recent years . <SEP> what
since agoa took effect in 2000 , kenya 's clothing sales to the united states increased from us $ 44 million to us $ 270 million ( 2006 ) . <SEP> what year
the largest share of kenya 's electricity supply comes from hydroelectric stations at dams along the upper tana river , as well as the turkwel gorge dam in the west . <SEP> where
the largest share of kenya 's electricity supply comes from hydroelectric stations at dams along the upper tana river , as well as the turkwel gorge dam in the west . <SEP> where
the state-owned kenya electricity generating company ( kengen ) , established in 1997 under the name of kenya power company , handles the generation of electricity , while kenya power handles the electricity transmission and distribution system in the country . <SEP> when
kenya has proven deposits of oil in turkana and the commercial viability was just discovered . <SEP> where
tullow oil estimates kenya 's oil reserves to be around 10 billion barrels . <SEP> how many barrels of oil
exploration is still continuing to determine if there are more reserves . <SEP> what
petroleum accounts for 20 % to 25 % of the national import bill . <SEP> how much
published comments on kenya 's capital fm website by liu guangyuan , china 's ambassador to kenya , at the time of president kenyatta 's 2013 trip to beijing , said , " chinese investment in kenya ... reached $ 474 million , representing kenya 's largest source of foreign direct investment , and ... bilateral trade ... reached $ 2.84 billion " in 2012 . <SEP> how much
published comments on kenya 's capital fm website by liu guangyuan , china 's ambassador to kenya , at the time of president kenyatta 's 2013 trip to beijing , said , " chinese investment in kenya ... reached $ 474 million , representing kenya 's largest source of foreign direct investment , and ... bilateral trade ... reached $ 2.84 billion " in 2012 . <SEP> what
kenyatta was " [ a ] ccompanied by 60 kenyan business people [ and hoped to ] ... gain support from china for a planned $ 2.5 billion railway from the southern kenyan port of mombasa to neighboring uganda , as well as a nearly $ 1.8 billion dam " , according to a statement from the president 's office also at the time of the trip . <SEP> what
base titanium , a subsidiary of base resources of australia , shipped its first major consignment of minerals to china . <SEP> where
china has been causing environmental and social problems that include the recent suspension of the railway project . <SEP> what
in 2007 , the kenyan government unveiled vision 2030 , an economic development programme it hopes will put the country in the same league as the asian economic tigers by the year 2030 . <SEP> what
in 2007 , the kenyan government unveiled vision 2030 , an economic development programme it hopes will put the country in the same league as the asian economic tigers by the year 2030 . <SEP> what
in 2013 , it launched a national climate change action plan , having acknowledged that omitting climate as a key development issue in vision 2030 was an oversight . <SEP> what
in 2013 , it launched a national climate change action plan , having acknowledged that omitting climate as a key development issue in vision 2030 was an oversight . <SEP> why
at the launch in march 2013 , the secretary of the ministry of planning , national development and vision 2030 emphasised that climate will be a central issue in the renewed medium term plan that will be launched in the coming months . <SEP> what
most working children are active in agriculture . <SEP> where
in 2006 , unicef estimated that up to 30 % of girls in the coastal areas of malindi , mombasa , kilifi , and diani were subject to prostitution . <SEP> what percent of girls
most of the prostitutes in kenya are aged 9–18 . <SEP> what
the causes of child labour include poverty , the lack of access to education and weak government institutions . <SEP> what
kenya 's various ethnic groups typically speak their mother tongues within their own communities . <SEP> what language
the two official languages , english and swahili , are used in varying degrees of fluency for communication with other populations . <SEP> what
english is widely spoken in commerce , schooling and government . <SEP> where
british english is primarily used in the country . <SEP> where
the vast majority of kenyans are christian ( 83 % ) , with 47.7 % regarding themselves as protestant and 23.5 % as roman catholic of the latin rite . <SEP> what
the vast majority of kenyans are christian ( 83 % ) , with 47.7 % regarding themselves as protestant and 23.5 % as roman catholic of the latin rite . <SEP> what
the presbyterian church of east africa has 3 million followers in kenya and the surrounding countries . <SEP> how many followers
the only jewish synagogue in the country is located in the capital , nairobi . <SEP> where
sixty percent of the muslim population lives in kenya 's coastal region , comprising 50 % of the total population there . <SEP> what percent of the muslim population
western areas of the coast region are mostly christian . <SEP> what religion
in addition , there is a large hindu population in kenya ( around 300,000 ) , who have played a key role in the local economy ; they are mostly of indian origin . <SEP> how much of the population
nurses treat 80 % of the population who visit dispensaries , health centres and private clinics in rural and under-served urban areas . <SEP> who
according to the kenya national bureau of statistics , in 2011 there were 65,000 qualified nurses registered in the country ; 8,600 clinical officers and 7,000 doctors for the population of 43 million people ( these figures from official registers include those who have died or left the profession hence the actual number of these workers may be lower ) . <SEP> how many
according to the kenya national bureau of statistics , in 2011 there were 65,000 qualified nurses registered in the country ; 8,600 clinical officers and 7,000 doctors for the population of 43 million people ( these figures from official registers include those who have died or left the profession hence the actual number of these workers may be lower ) . <SEP> how many doctors
diseases of poverty directly correlate with a country 's economic performance and wealth distribution : half of kenyans live below the poverty level . <SEP> what
diseases of poverty directly correlate with a country 's economic performance and wealth distribution : half of kenyans live below the poverty level . <SEP> how many
preventable diseases like malaria , hiv/aids , pneumonia , diarrhoea and malnutrition are the biggest burden , major child-killers , and responsible for much morbidity ; weak policies , corruption , inadequate health workers , weak management and poor leadership in the public health sector are largely to blame . <SEP> what
preventable diseases like malaria , hiv/aids , pneumonia , diarrhoea and malnutrition are the biggest burden , major child-killers , and responsible for much morbidity ; weak policies , corruption , inadequate health workers , weak management and poor leadership in the public health sector are largely to blame . <SEP> what
kenya had an estimated 15 million cases of malaria in 2006 . <SEP> how many cases of malaria
kenya 's first system of education was introduced by british colonists . <SEP> who
after kenya 's independence on 12 december 1963 , an authority named the ominde commission was formed to introduce changes that would reflect the nation 's sovereignty . <SEP> when
after kenya 's independence on 12 december 1963 , an authority named the ominde commission was formed to introduce changes that would reflect the nation 's sovereignty . <SEP> what
the commission focused on identity and unity , which were critical issues at the time . <SEP> what
between 1964 and 1985 , the 7–4–2–3 system was adopted – seven years of primary , four years of lower secondary , two years of upper secondary , and three years of university . <SEP> what system
in 1981 , the presidential working party on the second university was commissioned to look at both the possibilities of setting up a second university in kenya as well as the reforming of the entire education system . <SEP> what
the committee recommended that the 7–4–2–3 system be changed to an 8–4–4 system ( eight years in primary , four years in secondary , and four years in university education ) . <SEP> what
the table under present-day education in kenya below shows the structure of the 8–4–4 system . <SEP> what
although the 7–4–2–3 system theoretically ended with the introduction of the new 8–4–4 system in 1985 , the last batch of students from the former system graduated from kenyan universities in 1992 . <SEP> when
the current 8–4–4 system was launched in january 1985 . <SEP> when
it put more emphasis on vocational subjects on the assumption that the new structure would enable school drop-outs at all levels either to be self-employed or to secure employment in the informal sector . <SEP> what
it put more emphasis on vocational subjects on the assumption that the new structure would enable school drop-outs at all levels either to be self-employed or to secure employment in the informal sector . <SEP> why
in january 2003 , the government of kenya announced the introduction of free primary education . <SEP> when
as a result , primary school enrolment increased by about 70 % . <SEP> how much
basic formal education starts at age six years and lasts 12 years comprising eight years in primary school and four years in high school or secondary school . <SEP> what age
basic formal education starts at age six years and lasts 12 years comprising eight years in primary school and four years in high school or secondary school . <SEP> what
primary school is free in public schools and those who exit at this level can join a vocational youth/village polytechnic or make their own arrangements for an apprenticeship program and learn a trade such as tailoring , carpentry , motor vehicle repair , brick-laying and masonry for about two years . <SEP> what
those who complete high school can join a polytechnic or other technical college and study for three years or proceed directly to the university and study for four years . <SEP> what
the country 's literacy level stands at 85 % of the whole population . <SEP> what
preschool , which targets children from age three to five , is an integral component of the education system and is a key requirement for admission to standard one ( first grade ) . <SEP> what age children
preschool , which targets children from age three to five , is an integral component of the education system and is a key requirement for admission to standard one ( first grade ) . <SEP> what
at the end of primary education , pupils sit the kenya certificate of primary education ( kcpe ) , which determines those who proceed to secondary school or vocational training . <SEP> what
for those who proceed to secondary level , there is a national examination at the end of form four – the kenya certificate of secondary education ( kcse ) , which determines those proceeding to the universities , other professional training or employment . <SEP> what
other than the curriculum led learning , there are also national and public library services led by the kenya national library service ( knls ) . <SEP> who
knls is the body mandated to establish , equip , manage and maintain national and public libraries in the country . <SEP> what
a public library is seen as a peoples university since it is open to all irrespective of age , literacy level and has materials relevant to people of all walks of life . <SEP> what
a public library is seen as a peoples university since it is open to all irrespective of age , literacy level and has materials relevant to people of all walks of life . <SEP> why
kenya is active in several sports , among them cricket , rallying , football , rugby union and boxing . <SEP> what sports
the country is known chiefly for its dominance in middle-distance and long-distance athletics , having consistently produced olympic and commonwealth games champions in various distance events , especially in 800 m , 1,500 m , 3,000 m steeplechase , 5,000 m , 10,000 m and the marathon . <SEP> what
kenyan athletes ( particularly kalenjin ) continue to dominate the world of distance running , although competition from morocco and ethiopia has reduced this supremacy . <SEP> who
kenyan athletes ( particularly kalenjin ) continue to dominate the world of distance running , although competition from morocco and ethiopia has reduced this supremacy . <SEP> what countries
kenya won several medals during the beijing olympics , six gold , four silver and four bronze , making it africa 's most successful nation in the 2008 olympics . <SEP> how many gold medals
kenya won several medals during the beijing olympics , six gold , four silver and four bronze , making it africa 's most successful nation in the 2008 olympics . <SEP> how well
new athletes gained attention , such as pamela jelimo , the women 's 800m gold medalist who went ahead to win the iaaf golden league jackpot , and samuel wanjiru who won the men 's marathon . <SEP> what else
lately , there has been controversy in kenyan athletics circles , with the defection of a number of kenyan athletes to represent other countries , chiefly bahrain and qatar . <SEP> why
most of these defections occur because of economic or financial factors . <SEP> why
kenya has been a dominant force in women 's volleyball within africa , with both the clubs and the national team winning various continental championships in the past decade . <SEP> what sport
cricket is another popular and the most successful team sport . <SEP> what
they upset some of the world 's best teams and reached semi-finals of the 2003 tournament . <SEP> when
their current captain is rakep patel . <SEP> who
however , its dominance has been eroded by wrangles within the now defunct kenya football federation , leading to a suspension by fifa which was lifted in march 2007 . <SEP> when
in the motor rallying arena , kenya is home to the world famous safari rally , commonly acknowledged as one of the toughest rallies in the world . <SEP> what
in the motor rallying arena , kenya is home to the world famous safari rally , commonly acknowledged as one of the toughest rallies in the world . <SEP> what
some of the best rally drivers in the world have taken part in and won the rally , such as björn waldegård , hannu mikkola , tommi mäkinen , shekhar mehta , carlos sainz and colin mcrae . <SEP> who
kenyans generally have three meals in a day – breakfast in the morning ( kiamsha kinywa ) , lunch in the afternoon ( chakula cha mchana ) and supper in the evening ( chakula cha jioni or known simply as " chajio " ) . <SEP> how many meals a day
in between , they have the 10 o'clock tea ( chai ya saa nne ) and 4 pm tea ( chai ya saa kumi ) . <SEP> what time
breakfast is usually tea or porridge with bread , chapati , mahamri , boiled sweet potatoes or yams . <SEP> what
ugali with vegetables , sour milk , meat , fish or any other stew is generally eaten by much of the population for lunch or supper . <SEP> what
the intergovernmental panel on climate change ( ipcc ) is a scientific intergovernmental body under the auspices of the united nations , set up at the request of member governments . <SEP> what organization
it was first established in 1988 by two united nations organizations , the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) and the united nations environment programme ( unep ) , and later endorsed by the united nations general assembly through resolution 43/53 . <SEP> what un organizations
the ultimate objective of the unfccc is to " stabilize greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere at a level that would prevent dangerous anthropogenic [ i.e. , human-induced ] interference with the climate system " . <SEP> what
the ipcc produces reports that support the united nations framework convention on climate change ( unfccc ) , which is the main international treaty on climate change . <SEP> what
it was first established in 1988 by two united nations organizations , the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) and the united nations environment programme ( unep ) , and later endorsed by the united nations general assembly through resolution 43/53 . <SEP> what un resolution
korean economist hoesung lee is the chair of the ipcc since october 8 , 2015 , following the election of the new ipcc bureau . <SEP> who
korean economist hoesung lee is the chair of the ipcc since october 8 , 2015 , following the election of the new ipcc bureau . <SEP> what nationality
before this election , the ipcc was led by his vice-chair ismail el gizouli , who was designated acting chair after the resignation of rajendra k. pachauri in february 2015 . <SEP> who
the previous chairs were rajendra k. pachauri , elected in may 2002 ; robert watson in 1997 ; and bert bolin in 1988 . <SEP> who
before this election , the ipcc was led by his vice-chair ismail el gizouli , who was designated acting chair after the resignation of rajendra k. pachauri in february 2015 . <SEP> when
the ipcc panel is composed of representatives appointed by governments and organizations . <SEP> who
attendance at the 2003 meeting included 350 government officials and climate change experts . <SEP> how many people
attendance at the 2003 meeting included 350 government officials and climate change experts . <SEP> what kind of people
the meeting report states there were 322 persons in attendance at sessions with about seven-eighths of participants being from governmental organizations . <SEP> how much of the ipcc attendees
the ipcc receives funding through the ipcc trust fund , established in 1989 by the united nations environment programme ( unep ) and the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) , costs of the secretary and of housing the secretariat are provided by the wmo , while unep meets the cost of the depute secretary . <SEP> when
the ipcc receives funding through the ipcc trust fund , established in 1989 by the united nations environment programme ( unep ) and the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) , costs of the secretary and of housing the secretariat are provided by the wmo , while unep meets the cost of the depute secretary . <SEP> who
the ipcc receives funding through the ipcc trust fund , established in 1989 by the united nations environment programme ( unep ) and the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) , costs of the secretary and of housing the secretariat are provided by the wmo , while unep meets the cost of the depute secretary . <SEP> who
the organisation is required to comply with the financial regulations and rules of the wmo . <SEP> what
the ipcc receives funding through the ipcc trust fund , established in 1989 by the united nations environment programme ( unep ) and the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) , costs of the secretary and of housing the secretariat are provided by the wmo , while unep meets the cost of the depute secretary . <SEP> who
the ipcc does not carry out research nor does it monitor climate related data . <SEP> what
lead authors of ipcc reports assess the available information about climate change based on published sources . <SEP> where
authors may refer to non-peer-reviewed sources ( the " grey literature " ) , provided that they are of sufficient quality . <SEP> what
examples of non-peer-reviewed sources include model results , reports from government agencies and non-governmental organizations , and industry journals . <SEP> what kind of non-peer-reviewed sources
a chapter typically has two " coordinating lead authors " , ten to fifteen " lead authors " , and a somewhat larger number of " contributing authors " . <SEP> how many coordinating lead authors
a chapter typically has two " coordinating lead authors " , ten to fifteen " lead authors " , and a somewhat larger number of " contributing authors " . <SEP> how many
a chapter typically has two " coordinating lead authors " , ten to fifteen " lead authors " , and a somewhat larger number of " contributing authors " . <SEP> how many contributing authors
the coordinating lead authors are responsible for assembling the contributions of the other authors , ensuring that they meet stylistic and formatting requirements , and reporting to the working group chairs . <SEP> who
the coordinating lead authors are responsible for assembling the contributions of the other authors , ensuring that they meet stylistic and formatting requirements , and reporting to the working group chairs . <SEP> who
the executive summary of the wg i summary for policymakers report says they are certain that emissions resulting from human activities are substantially increasing the atmospheric concentrations of the greenhouse gases , resulting on average in an additional warming of the earth 's surface . <SEP> what
the executive summary of the wg i summary for policymakers report says they are certain that emissions resulting from human activities are substantially increasing the atmospheric concentrations of the greenhouse gases , resulting on average in an additional warming of the earth 's surface . <SEP> what
they calculate with confidence that co2 has been responsible for over half the enhanced greenhouse effect . <SEP> how much of the greenhouse effect
they predict that under a " business as usual " ( bau ) scenario , global mean temperature will increase by about 0.3 °c per decade during the [ 21st ] century . <SEP> what
they judge that global mean surface air temperature has increased by 0.3 to 0.6 °c over the last 100 years , broadly consistent with prediction of climate models , but also of the same magnitude as natural climate variability . <SEP> how much
in 2001 , 16 national science academies issued a joint statement on climate change . <SEP> when
in 2001 , 16 national science academies issued a joint statement on climate change . <SEP> how many organizations
the statement , also published as an editorial in the journal science , stated " we support the [ tar 's ] conclusion that it is at least 90 % certain that temperatures will continue to rise , with average global surface temperature projected to increase by between 1.4 and 5.8 °c above 1990 levels by 2100 " . <SEP> which journal
the statement , also published as an editorial in the journal science , stated " we support the [ tar 's ] conclusion that it is at least 90 % certain that temperatures will continue to rise , with average global surface temperature projected to increase by between 1.4 and 5.8 °c above 1990 levels by 2100 " . <SEP> how sure
the statement , also published as an editorial in the journal science , stated " we support the [ tar 's ] conclusion that it is at least 90 % certain that temperatures will continue to rise , with average global surface temperature projected to increase by between 1.4 and 5.8 °c above 1990 levels by 2100 " . <SEP> how much
ipcc author richard lindzen has made a number of criticisms of the tar . <SEP> which ipcc author
among his criticisms , lindzen has stated that the wgi summary for policymakers ( spm ) does not faithfully summarize the full wgi report . <SEP> what
john houghton , who was a co-chair of tar wgi , has responded to lindzen 's criticisms of the spm . <SEP> who
john houghton , who was a co-chair of tar wgi , has responded to lindzen 's criticisms of the spm . <SEP> what
houghton has stressed that the spm is agreed upon by delegates from many of the world 's governments , and that any changes to the spm must be supported by scientific evidence . <SEP> what
the preparation and approval process for all ipcc special reports follows the same procedures as for ipcc assessment reports . <SEP> how
in the year 2011 two ipcc special report were finalized , the special report on renewable energy sources and climate change mitigation ( srren ) and the special report on managing risks of extreme events and disasters to advance climate change adaptation ( srex ) . <SEP> when
in the year 2011 two ipcc special report were finalized , the special report on renewable energy sources and climate change mitigation ( srren ) and the special report on managing risks of extreme events and disasters to advance climate change adaptation ( srex ) . <SEP> when
both special reports were requested by governments . <SEP> why
while the preparation of the assessment reports is a major ipcc function , it also supports other activities , such as the data distribution centre and the national greenhouse gas inventories programme , required under the unfccc . <SEP> what other activities
this involves publishing default emission factors , which are factors used to derive emissions estimates based on the levels of fuel consumption , industrial production and so on . <SEP> what
this involves publishing default emission factors , which are factors used to derive emissions estimates based on the levels of fuel consumption , industrial production and so on . <SEP> what
the ipcc concentrates its activities on the tasks allotted to it by the relevant wmo executive council and unep governing council resolutions and decisions as well as on actions in support of the unfccc process . <SEP> what councils
the ipcc has since acknowledged that the date is incorrect , while reaffirming that the conclusion in the final summary was robust . <SEP> what
they expressed regret for " the poor application of well-established ipcc procedures in this instance " . <SEP> what
the date of 2035 has been correctly quoted by the ipcc from the wwf report , which has misquoted its own source , an icsi report " variations of snow and ice in the past and at present on a global and regional scale " . <SEP> what
the date of 2035 has been correctly quoted by the ipcc from the wwf report , which has misquoted its own source , an icsi report " variations of snow and ice in the past and at present on a global and regional scale " . <SEP> what report
former ipcc chairman robert watson has said " the mistakes all appear to have gone in the direction of making it seem like climate change is more serious by overstating the impact . <SEP> what
former ipcc chairman robert watson has said " the mistakes all appear to have gone in the direction of making it seem like climate change is more serious by overstating the impact . <SEP> what direction
martin parry , a climate expert who had been co-chair of the ipcc working group ii , said that " what began with a single unfortunate error over himalayan glaciers has become a clamour without substance " and the ipcc had investigated the other alleged mistakes , which were " generally unfounded and also marginal to the assessment " . <SEP> what
martin parry , a climate expert who had been co-chair of the ipcc working group ii , said that " what began with a single unfortunate error over himalayan glaciers has become a clamour without substance " and the ipcc had investigated the other alleged mistakes , which were " generally unfounded and also marginal to the assessment " . <SEP> what
martin parry , a climate expert who had been co-chair of the ipcc working group ii , said that " what began with a single unfortunate error over himalayan glaciers has become a clamour without substance " and the ipcc had investigated the other alleged mistakes , which were " generally unfounded and also marginal to the assessment " . <SEP> what
the third assessment report ( tar ) prominently featured a graph labeled " millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction " based on a 1999 paper by michael e. mann , raymond s. bradley and malcolm k. hughes ( mbh99 ) , which has been referred to as the " hockey stick graph " . <SEP> when
the third assessment report ( tar ) prominently featured a graph labeled " millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction " based on a 1999 paper by michael e. mann , raymond s. bradley and malcolm k. hughes ( mbh99 ) , which has been referred to as the " hockey stick graph " . <SEP> who
the third assessment report ( tar ) prominently featured a graph labeled " millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction " based on a 1999 paper by michael e. mann , raymond s. bradley and malcolm k. hughes ( mbh99 ) , which has been referred to as the " hockey stick graph " . <SEP> what
the mbh99 finding was supported by cited reconstructions by jones et al . 1998 , pollack , huang & shen 1998 , crowley & lowery 2000 and briffa 2000 , using differing data and methods . <SEP> what
these studies were widely presented as demonstrating that the current warming period is exceptional in comparison to temperatures between 1000 and 1900 , and the mbh99 based graph featured in publicity . <SEP> what range of years
even at the draft stage , this finding was disputed by contrarians : in may 2000 fred singer 's science and environmental policy project held a press event on capitol hill , washington , d.c. , featuring comments on the graph wibjörn karlén and singer argued against the graph at a united states senate committee on commerce , science and transportation hearing on 18 july 2000 . <SEP> who
even at the draft stage , this finding was disputed by contrarians : in may 2000 fred singer 's science and environmental policy project held a press event on capitol hill , washington , d.c. , featuring comments on the graph wibjörn karlén and singer argued against the graph at a united states senate committee on commerce , science and transportation hearing on 18 july 2000 . <SEP> where
even at the draft stage , this finding was disputed by contrarians : in may 2000 fred singer 's science and environmental policy project held a press event on capitol hill , washington , d.c. , featuring comments on the graph wibjörn karlén and singer argued against the graph at a united states senate committee on commerce , science and transportation hearing on 18 july 2000 . <SEP> when
even at the draft stage , this finding was disputed by contrarians : in may 2000 fred singer 's science and environmental policy project held a press event on capitol hill , washington , d.c. , featuring comments on the graph wibjörn karlén and singer argued against the graph at a united states senate committee on commerce , science and transportation hearing on 18 july 2000 . <SEP> what senate committee
on 23 june 2005 , rep. joe barton , chairman of the house committee on energy and commerce wrote joint letters with ed whitfield , chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations demanding full records on climate research , as well as personal information about their finances and careers , from mann , bradley and hughes . <SEP> who
on 23 june 2005 , rep. joe barton , chairman of the house committee on energy and commerce wrote joint letters with ed whitfield , chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations demanding full records on climate research , as well as personal information about their finances and careers , from mann , bradley and hughes . <SEP> who
on 23 june 2005 , rep. joe barton , chairman of the house committee on energy and commerce wrote joint letters with ed whitfield , chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations demanding full records on climate research , as well as personal information about their finances and careers , from mann , bradley and hughes . <SEP> when
sherwood boehlert , chairman of the house science committee , said this was a " misguided and illegitimate investigation " apparently aimed at intimidating scientists , and at his request the u.s. national academy of sciences arranged for its national research council to set up a special investigation . <SEP> who
the ipcc fourth assessment report ( ar4 ) published in 2007 featured a graph showing 12 proxy based temperature reconstructions , including the three highlighted in the 2001 third assessment report ( tar ) ; mann , bradley & hughes 1999 as before , jones et al . 1998 and briffa 2000 had both been calibrated by newer studies . <SEP> when
the ipcc fourth assessment report ( ar4 ) published in 2007 featured a graph showing 12 proxy based temperature reconstructions , including the three highlighted in the 2001 third assessment report ( tar ) ; mann , bradley & hughes 1999 as before , jones et al . 1998 and briffa 2000 had both been calibrated by newer studies . <SEP> when
ten of these 14 reconstructions covered 1,000 years or longer . <SEP> how many medieval warm period reconstructions
the section discussed the divergence problem affecting certain tree ring data . <SEP> what problem
ten of these 14 reconstructions covered 1,000 years or longer . <SEP> how many medieval warm period reconstructions
on 1 february 2007 , the eve of the publication of ipcc 's major report on climate , a study was published suggesting that temperatures and sea levels have been rising at or above the maximum rates proposed during the last ipcc report in 2001 . <SEP> when
on 1 february 2007 , the eve of the publication of ipcc 's major report on climate , a study was published suggesting that temperatures and sea levels have been rising at or above the maximum rates proposed during the last ipcc report in 2001 . <SEP> how
over the six years studied , the actual temperature rise was near the top end of the range given by ipcc 's 2001 projection , and the actual sea level rise was above the top of the range of the ipcc projection . <SEP> how
over the six years studied , the actual temperature rise was near the top end of the range given by ipcc 's 2001 projection , and the actual sea level rise was above the top of the range of the ipcc projection . <SEP> how
another example of scientific research which suggests that previous estimates by the ipcc , far from overstating dangers and risks , have actually understated them is a study on projected rises in sea levels . <SEP> what danger
these values are much greater than the 9–88 cm as projected by the ipcc itself in its third assessment report , published in 2001 " . <SEP> how much
when the researchers ' analysis was " applied to the possible scenarios outlined by the intergovernmental panel on climate change ( ipcc ) , the researchers found that in 2100 sea levels would be 0.5–1.4 m [ 50–140 cm ] above 1990 levels . <SEP> how much
these values are much greater than the 9–88 cm as projected by the ipcc itself in its third assessment report , published in 2001 " . <SEP> when
michael oppenheimer , a long-time participant in the ipcc and coordinating lead author of the fifth assessment report conceded in science magazine 's state of the planet 2008-2009 some limitations of the ipcc consensus approach and asks for concurring , smaller assessments of special problems instead of the large scale approach as in the previous ipcc assessment reports . <SEP> what role
michael oppenheimer , a long-time participant in the ipcc and coordinating lead author of the fifth assessment report conceded in science magazine 's state of the planet 2008-2009 some limitations of the ipcc consensus approach and asks for concurring , smaller assessments of special problems instead of the large scale approach as in the previous ipcc assessment reports . <SEP> who
michael oppenheimer , a long-time participant in the ipcc and coordinating lead author of the fifth assessment report conceded in science magazine 's state of the planet 2008-2009 some limitations of the ipcc consensus approach and asks for concurring , smaller assessments of special problems instead of the large scale approach as in the previous ipcc assessment reports . <SEP> what approach
in case of the ozone depletion global regulation based on the montreal protocol has been successful , in case of climate change , the kyoto protocol failed . <SEP> what
in case of the ozone depletion global regulation based on the montreal protocol has been successful , in case of climate change , the kyoto protocol failed . <SEP> what
the lockstep situation of the ipcc is having built a broad science consensus while states and governments still follow different , if not opposing goals . <SEP> whose goals often still
according to sheldon ungar 's comparison with global warming , the actors in the ozone depletion case had a better understanding of scientific ignorance and uncertainties . <SEP> who
in case of the ipcc conclusions and the failure of the kyoto protocol , varying regional cost-benefit analysis and burden-sharing conflicts with regard to the distribution of emission reductions remain an unsolved problem . <SEP> what
the stepwise mitigation of the ozone layer challenge was based as well on successfully reducing regional burden sharing conflicts . <SEP> what conflicts
in the uk , a report for a house of lords committee asked to urge the ipcc to involve better assessments of costs and benefits of climate change but the stern review ordered by the uk government made a stronger argument in favor to combat human-made climate change . <SEP> who
since the ipcc does not carry out its own research , it operates on the basis of scientific papers and independently documented results from other scientific bodies , and its schedule for producing reports requires a deadline for submissions prior to the report 's final release . <SEP> what
in principle , this means that any significant new evidence or events that change our understanding of climate science between this deadline and publication of an ipcc report can not be included . <SEP> what
in principle , this means that any significant new evidence or events that change our understanding of climate science between this deadline and publication of an ipcc report can not be included . <SEP> who
in february 2010 , in response to controversies regarding claims in the fourth assessment report , five climate scientists – all contributing or lead ipcc report authors – wrote in the journal nature calling for changes to the ipcc . <SEP> how many scientists
in february 2010 , in response to controversies regarding claims in the fourth assessment report , five climate scientists – all contributing or lead ipcc report authors – wrote in the journal nature calling for changes to the ipcc . <SEP> where
they suggested a range of new organizational options , from tightening the selection of lead authors and contributors , to dumping it in favor of a small permanent body , or even turning the whole climate science assessment process into a moderated " living " wikipedia-ipcc . <SEP> what
other recommendations included that the panel employ a full-time staff and remove government oversight from its processes to avoid political interference . <SEP> how
chloroplasts ' main role is to conduct photosynthesis , where the photosynthetic pigment chlorophyll captures the energy from sunlight and converts it and stores it in the energy-storage molecules atp and nadph while freeing oxygen from water . <SEP> what
chloroplasts ' main role is to conduct photosynthesis , where the photosynthetic pigment chlorophyll captures the energy from sunlight and converts it and stores it in the energy-storage molecules atp and nadph while freeing oxygen from water . <SEP> what
chloroplasts ' main role is to conduct photosynthesis , where the photosynthetic pigment chlorophyll captures the energy from sunlight and converts it and stores it in the energy-storage molecules atp and nadph while freeing oxygen from water . <SEP> what
they then use the atp and nadph to make organic molecules from carbon dioxide in a process known as the calvin cycle . <SEP> what
the number of chloroplasts per cell varies from 1 in algae up to 100 in plants like arabidopsis and wheat . <SEP> how many chloroplasts per cell
chloroplasts are highly dynamic—they circulate and are moved around within plant cells , and occasionally pinch in two to reproduce . <SEP> how
chloroplasts , like mitochondria , contain their own dna , which is thought to be inherited from their ancestor—a photosynthetic cyanobacterium that was engulfed by an early eukaryotic cell . <SEP> how
chloroplasts , like mitochondria , contain their own dna , which is thought to be inherited from their ancestor—a photosynthetic cyanobacterium that was engulfed by an early eukaryotic cell . <SEP> what
chloroplasts can not be made by the plant cell and must be inherited by each daughter cell during cell division . <SEP> how
chloroplasts are only found in plants and algae . <SEP> which organisms
this origin of chloroplasts was first suggested by the russian biologist konstantin mereschkowski in 1905 after andreas schimper observed in 1883 that chloroplasts closely resemble cyanobacteria . <SEP> what nationality
this origin of chloroplasts was first suggested by the russian biologist konstantin mereschkowski in 1905 after andreas schimper observed in 1883 that chloroplasts closely resemble cyanobacteria . <SEP> what
this origin of chloroplasts was first suggested by the russian biologist konstantin mereschkowski in 1905 after andreas schimper observed in 1883 that chloroplasts closely resemble cyanobacteria . <SEP> when
this origin of chloroplasts was first suggested by the russian biologist konstantin mereschkowski in 1905 after andreas schimper observed in 1883 that chloroplasts closely resemble cyanobacteria . <SEP> who
cyanobacteria are considered the ancestors of chloroplasts . <SEP> what
they are a diverse phylum of bacteria capable of carrying out photosynthesis , and are gram-negative , meaning that they have two cell membranes . <SEP> what
cyanobacteria also contain a peptidoglycan cell wall , which is thicker than in other gram-negative bacteria , and which is located between their two cell membranes . <SEP> what kind of cell wall
they are sometimes called blue-green algae even though they are prokaryotes . <SEP> how
somewhere around a billion years ago , a free-living cyanobacterium entered an early eukaryotic cell , either as food or as an internal parasite , but managed to escape the phagocytic vacuole it was contained in . <SEP> what kind of cell
somewhere around a billion years ago , a free-living cyanobacterium entered an early eukaryotic cell , either as food or as an internal parasite , but managed to escape the phagocytic vacuole it was contained in . <SEP> how long ago
the two innermost lipid-bilayer membranes that surround all chloroplasts correspond to the outer and inner membranes of the ancestral cyanobacterium 's gram negative cell wall , and not the phagosomal membrane from the host , which was probably lost . <SEP> what
the two innermost lipid-bilayer membranes that surround all chloroplasts correspond to the outer and inner membranes of the ancestral cyanobacterium 's gram negative cell wall , and not the phagosomal membrane from the host , which was probably lost . <SEP> what kind of membrane
over time , the cyanobacterium was assimilated , and many of its genes were lost or transferred to the nucleus of the host . <SEP> what
these chloroplasts , which can be traced back directly to a cyanobacterial ancestor , are known as primary plastids ( " plastid " in this context means almost the same thing as chloroplast ) . <SEP> what
all primary chloroplasts belong to one of three chloroplast lineages—the glaucophyte chloroplast lineage , the rhodophyte , or red algal chloroplast lineage , or the chloroplastidan , or green chloroplast lineage . <SEP> how many chloroplast lineages
all primary chloroplasts belong to one of three chloroplast lineages—the glaucophyte chloroplast lineage , the rhodophyte , or red algal chloroplast lineage , or the chloroplastidan , or green chloroplast lineage . <SEP> what
all primary chloroplasts belong to one of three chloroplast lineages—the glaucophyte chloroplast lineage , the rhodophyte , or red algal chloroplast lineage , or the chloroplastidan , or green chloroplast lineage . <SEP> what
the second two are the largest , and the green chloroplast lineage is the one that contains the land plants . <SEP> which lineage
the alga cyanophora , a glaucophyte , is thought to be one of the first organisms to contain a chloroplast . <SEP> what chloroplast lineage
the alga cyanophora , a glaucophyte , is thought to be one of the first organisms to contain a chloroplast . <SEP> what kind of organism
for this reason , glaucophyte chloroplasts are also known as muroplasts . <SEP> what
glaucophyte chloroplasts also contain concentric unstacked thylakoids , which surround a carboxysome - an icosahedral structure that glaucophyte chloroplasts and cyanobacteria keep their carbon fixation enzyme rubisco in . <SEP> what
glaucophyte chloroplasts also contain concentric unstacked thylakoids , which surround a carboxysome - an icosahedral structure that glaucophyte chloroplasts and cyanobacteria keep their carbon fixation enzyme rubisco in . <SEP> what kind of structure
rhodoplasts have chlorophyll a and phycobilins for photosynthetic pigments ; the phycobilin phycoerytherin is responsible for giving many red algae their distinctive red color . <SEP> what kinds of pigments
rhodoplasts have a double membrane with an intermembrane space and phycobilin pigments organized into phycobilisomes on the thylakoid membranes , preventing their thylakoids from stacking . <SEP> what
rhodoplasts have chlorophyll a and phycobilins for photosynthetic pigments ; the phycobilin phycoerytherin is responsible for giving many red algae their distinctive red color . <SEP> what
the red phycoerytherin pigment is an adaptation to help red algae catch more sunlight in deep water—as such , some red algae that live in shallow water have less phycoerytherin in their rhodoplasts , and can appear more greenish . <SEP> what
rhodoplasts synthesize a form of starch called floridean , which collects into granules outside the rhodoplast , in the cytoplasm of the red alga . <SEP> what
they differ from glaucophyte and red algal chloroplasts in that they have lost their phycobilisomes , and contain chlorophyll b instead . <SEP> what
most green chloroplasts are ( obviously ) green , though some are n't , like some forms of hæmatococcus pluvialis , due to accessory pigments that override the chlorophylls ' green colors . <SEP> why
chloroplastidan chloroplasts have lost the peptidoglycan wall between their double membrane , and have replaced it with an intermembrane space . <SEP> what
some plants seem to have kept the genes for the synthesis of the peptidoglycan layer , though they 've been repurposed for use in chloroplast division instead . <SEP> what
they differ from glaucophyte and red algal chloroplasts in that they have lost their phycobilisomes , and contain chlorophyll b instead . <SEP> what
while primary chloroplasts have a double membrane from their cyanobacterial ancestor , secondary chloroplasts have additional membranes outside of the original two , as a result of the secondary endosymbiotic event , when a nonphotosynthetic eukaryote engulfed a chloroplast-containing alga but failed to digest it—much like the cyanobacterium at the beginning of this story . <SEP> what kind of membrane
while primary chloroplasts have a double membrane from their cyanobacterial ancestor , secondary chloroplasts have additional membranes outside of the original two , as a result of the secondary endosymbiotic event , when a nonphotosynthetic eukaryote engulfed a chloroplast-containing alga but failed to digest it—much like the cyanobacterium at the beginning of this story . <SEP> what
while primary chloroplasts have a double membrane from their cyanobacterial ancestor , secondary chloroplasts have additional membranes outside of the original two , as a result of the secondary endosymbiotic event , when a nonphotosynthetic eukaryote engulfed a chloroplast-containing alga but failed to digest it—much like the cyanobacterium at the beginning of this story . <SEP> what
the engulfed alga was broken down , leaving only its chloroplast , and sometimes its cell membrane and nucleus , forming a chloroplast with three or four membranes—the two cyanobacterial membranes , sometimes the eaten alga 's cell membrane , and the phagosomal vacuole from the host 's cell membrane . <SEP> what additional membranes
the engulfed alga was broken down , leaving only its chloroplast , and sometimes its cell membrane and nucleus , forming a chloroplast with three or four membranes—the two cyanobacterial membranes , sometimes the eaten alga 's cell membrane , and the phagosomal vacuole from the host 's cell membrane . <SEP> what
euglenophytes are a group of common flagellated protists that contain chloroplasts derived from a green alga . <SEP> what kind of chloroplasts
euglenophytes are a group of common flagellated protists that contain chloroplasts derived from a green alga . <SEP> what kind of protists
euglenophyte chloroplasts have a pyrenoid and thylakoids stacked in groups of three . <SEP> how
starch is stored in the form of paramylon , which is contained in membrane-bound granules in the cytoplasm of the euglenophyte . <SEP> what
euglenophyte chloroplasts have three membranes—it is thought that the membrane of the primary endosymbiont was lost , leaving the cyanobacterial membranes , and the secondary host 's phagosomal membrane . <SEP> which membrane
cryptophytes , or cryptomonads are a group of algae that contain a red-algal derived chloroplast . <SEP> what
cryptophytes , or cryptomonads are a group of algae that contain a red-algal derived chloroplast . <SEP> what kind of chloroplasts
cryptophyte chloroplasts contain a nucleomorph that superficially resembles that of the chlorarachniophytes . <SEP> what part of cryptophyte chloroplasts
they synthesize ordinary starch , which is stored in granules found in the periplastid space—outside the original double membrane , in the place that corresponds to the red alga 's cytoplasm . <SEP> where
inside cryptophyte chloroplasts is a pyrenoid and thylakoids in stacks of two . <SEP> how
apicomplexans are another group of chromalveolates . <SEP> what
the apicomplexans include plasmodium , the malaria parasite . <SEP> what
many apicomplexans keep a vestigial red algal derived chloroplast called an apicoplast , which they inherited from their ancestors . <SEP> what
apicomplexans store their energy in amylopectin starch granules that are located in their cytoplasm , even though they are nonphotosynthetic . <SEP> where
plant chloroplasts provide plant cells with many important things besides sugar , and apicoplasts are no different—they synthesize fatty acids , isopentenyl pyrophosphate , iron-sulfur clusters , and carry out part of the heme pathway . <SEP> what
this makes the apicoplast an attractive target for drugs to cure apicomplexan-related diseases . <SEP> what kind of diseases
the most important apicoplast function is isopentenyl pyrophosphate synthesis—in fact , apicomplexans die when something interferes with this apicoplast function , and when apicomplexans are grown in an isopentenyl pyrophosphate-rich medium , they dump the organelle . <SEP> what
apicoplasts have lost all photosynthetic function , and contain no photosynthetic pigments or true thylakoids . <SEP> what
they are bounded by four membranes , but the membranes are not connected to the endoplasmic reticulum . <SEP> how many membranes
peridinin is not found in any other group of chloroplasts . <SEP> what
the most common dinophyte chloroplast is the peridinin-type chloroplast , characterized by the carotenoid pigment peridinin in their chloroplasts , along with chlorophyll a and chlorophyll c2 . <SEP> where
they contain a pyrenoid , and have triplet-stacked thylakoids . <SEP> how
the peridinin chloroplast is bounded by three membranes ( occasionally two ) , having lost the red algal endosymbiont 's original cell membrane . <SEP> what
the fucoxanthin dinophyte lineages ( including karlodinium and karenia ) lost their original red algal derived chloroplast , and replaced it with a new chloroplast derived from a haptophyte endosymbiont . <SEP> what lineage
the fucoxanthin dinophyte lineages ( including karlodinium and karenia ) lost their original red algal derived chloroplast , and replaced it with a new chloroplast derived from a haptophyte endosymbiont . <SEP> what lineage
because the haptophyte chloroplast has four membranes , tertiary endosymbiosis would be expected to create a six membraned chloroplast , adding the haptophyte 's cell membrane and the dinophyte 's phagosomal vacuole . <SEP> how many membranes
because the haptophyte chloroplast has four membranes , tertiary endosymbiosis would be expected to create a six membraned chloroplast , adding the haptophyte 's cell membrane and the dinophyte 's phagosomal vacuole . <SEP> what
members of the genus dinophysis have a phycobilin-containing chloroplast taken from a cryptophyte . <SEP> where
members of the genus dinophysis have a phycobilin-containing chloroplast taken from a cryptophyte . <SEP> what
some dinophytes , like kryptoperidinium and durinskia have a diatom ( heterokontophyte ) derived chloroplast . <SEP> what
some dinophytes , like kryptoperidinium and durinskia have a diatom ( heterokontophyte ) derived chloroplast . <SEP> what
these chloroplasts are bounded by up to five membranes , ( depending on whether you count the entire diatom endosymbiont as the chloroplast , or just the red algal derived chloroplast inside it ) . <SEP> how many membranes
these chloroplasts are bounded by up to five membranes , ( depending on whether you count the entire diatom endosymbiont as the chloroplast , or just the red algal derived chloroplast inside it ) . <SEP> what
however the diatom endosymbiont ca n't store its own food—its starch is found in granules in the dinophyte host 's cytoplasm instead . <SEP> where
the chloroplast is surrounded by two membranes and has no nucleomorph—all the nucleomorph genes have been transferred to the dinophyte nucleus . <SEP> where
lepidodinium is the only dinophyte that has a chloroplast that 's not from the rhodoplast lineage . <SEP> what
lepidodinium viride and its close relatives are dinophytes that lost their original peridinin chloroplast and replaced it with a green algal derived chloroplast ( more specifically , a prasinophyte ) . <SEP> what
lepidodinium viride and its close relatives are dinophytes that lost their original peridinin chloroplast and replaced it with a green algal derived chloroplast ( more specifically , a prasinophyte ) . <SEP> what
lepidodinium viride and its close relatives are dinophytes that lost their original peridinin chloroplast and replaced it with a green algal derived chloroplast ( more specifically , a prasinophyte ) . <SEP> what
while most chloroplasts originate from that first set of endosymbiotic events , paulinella chromatophora is an exception that acquired a photosynthetic cyanobacterial endosymbiont more recently . <SEP> where
while most chloroplasts originate from that first set of endosymbiotic events , paulinella chromatophora is an exception that acquired a photosynthetic cyanobacterial endosymbiont more recently . <SEP> what
chromatophore dna is about a million base pairs long , containing around 850 protein encoding genes—far less than the three million base pair synechococcus genome , but much larger than the approximately 150,000 base pair genome of the more assimilated chloroplast . <SEP> how many base pairs
chromatophore dna is about a million base pairs long , containing around 850 protein encoding genes—far less than the three million base pair synechococcus genome , but much larger than the approximately 150,000 base pair genome of the more assimilated chloroplast . <SEP> how many protein-encoding genes
chromatophore dna is about a million base pairs long , containing around 850 protein encoding genes—far less than the three million base pair synechococcus genome , but much larger than the approximately 150,000 base pair genome of the more assimilated chloroplast . <SEP> how many base pairs
chloroplasts have their own dna , often abbreviated as ctdna , or cpdna . <SEP> what
its existence was first proved in 1962 , and first sequenced in 1986—when two japanese research teams sequenced the chloroplast dna of liverwort and tobacco . <SEP> when
its existence was first proved in 1962 , and first sequenced in 1986—when two japanese research teams sequenced the chloroplast dna of liverwort and tobacco . <SEP> who
similar inverted repeats exist in the genomes of cyanobacteria and the other two chloroplast lineages ( glaucophyta and rhodophyceæ ) , suggesting that they predate the chloroplast , though some chloroplast dnas have since lost or flipped the inverted repeats ( making them direct repeats ) . <SEP> what
it is possible that the inverted repeats help stabilize the rest of the chloroplast genome , as chloroplast dnas which have lost some of the inverted repeat segments tend to get rearranged more . <SEP> what
scientists have attempted to observe chloroplast replication via electron microscopy since the 1970s . <SEP> how
the mechanism for chloroplast dna ( cpdna ) replication has not been conclusively determined , but two main models have been proposed . <SEP> how many major chloroplast replication models
as the d-loop moves through the circular dna , it adopts a theta intermediary form , also known as a cairns replication intermediate , and completes replication with a rolling circle mechanism . <SEP> what
as the d-loop moves through the circular dna , it adopts a theta intermediary form , also known as a cairns replication intermediate , and completes replication with a rolling circle mechanism . <SEP> what
as the d-loop moves through the circular dna , it adopts a theta intermediary form , also known as a cairns replication intermediate , and completes replication with a rolling circle mechanism . <SEP> how
in cpdna , there are several a → g deamination gradients . <SEP> what kind of gradients
dna becomes susceptible to deamination events when it is single stranded . <SEP> what
this mechanism is still the leading theory today ; however , a second theory suggests that most cpdna is actually linear and replicates through homologous recombination . <SEP> how
this mechanism is still the leading theory today ; however , a second theory suggests that most cpdna is actually linear and replicates through homologous recombination . <SEP> how
it further contends that only a minority of the genetic material is kept in circular chromosomes while the rest is in branched , linear , or other complex structures . <SEP> where
one of competing model for cpdna replication asserts that most cpdna is linear and participates in homologous recombination and replication structures similar to bacteriophage t4 . <SEP> what
it has been established that some plants have linear cpdna , such as maize , and that more species still contain complex structures that scientists do not yet understand . <SEP> what kind of cpdna
because of the failure to explain the deamination gradient as well as the numerous plant species that have been shown to have circular cpdna , the predominant theory continues to hold that most cpdna is circular and most likely replicates via a d loop mechanism . <SEP> how
because of the failure to explain the deamination gradient as well as the numerous plant species that have been shown to have circular cpdna , the predominant theory continues to hold that most cpdna is circular and most likely replicates via a d loop mechanism . <SEP> how
endosymbiotic gene transfer is how we know about the lost chloroplasts in many chromalveolate lineages . <SEP> what shows us
even if a chloroplast is eventually lost , the genes it donated to the former host 's nucleus persist , providing evidence for the lost chloroplast 's existence . <SEP> what
for example , while diatoms ( a heterokontophyte ) now have a red algal derived chloroplast , the presence of many green algal genes in the diatom nucleus provide evidence that the diatom ancestor ( probably the ancestor of all chromalveolates too ) had a green algal derived chloroplast at some point , which was subsequently replaced by the red chloroplast . <SEP> what kind of chloroplasts
for example , while diatoms ( a heterokontophyte ) now have a red algal derived chloroplast , the presence of many green algal genes in the diatom nucleus provide evidence that the diatom ancestor ( probably the ancestor of all chromalveolates too ) had a green algal derived chloroplast at some point , which was subsequently replaced by the red chloroplast . <SEP> what kind of chloroplasts
a few chloroplast genes found new homes in the mitochondrial genome—most became nonfunctional pseudogenes , though a few trna genes still work in the mitochondrion . <SEP> what
curiously , around half of the protein products of transferred genes are n't even targeted back to the chloroplast . <SEP> how much of the protein products of transferred genes
many became exaptations , taking on new functions like participating in cell division , protein routing , and even disease resistance . <SEP> what new tasks
some transferred chloroplast dna protein products get directed to the secretory pathway ( though it should be noted that many secondary plastids are bounded by an outermost membrane derived from the host 's cell membrane , and therefore topologically outside of the cell , because to reach the chloroplast from the cytosol , you have to cross the cell membrane , just like if you were headed for the extracellular space . <SEP> what
after a chloroplast polypeptide is synthesized on a ribosome in the cytosol , an enzyme specific to chloroplast proteins phosphorylates , or adds a phosphate group to many ( but not all ) of them in their transit sequences . <SEP> what
after a chloroplast polypeptide is synthesized on a ribosome in the cytosol , an enzyme specific to chloroplast proteins phosphorylates , or adds a phosphate group to many ( but not all ) of them in their transit sequences . <SEP> where
phosphorylation helps many proteins bind the polypeptide , keeping it from folding prematurely . <SEP> what
phosphorylation helps many proteins bind the polypeptide , keeping it from folding prematurely . <SEP> what
in land plants , chloroplasts are generally lens-shaped , 5–8 μm in diameter and 1–3 μm thick . <SEP> how
in land plants , chloroplasts are generally lens-shaped , 5–8 μm in diameter and 1–3 μm thick . <SEP> how large across
in land plants , chloroplasts are generally lens-shaped , 5–8 μm in diameter and 1–3 μm thick . <SEP> how thick
greater diversity in chloroplast shapes exists among the algae , which often contain a single chloroplast that can be shaped like a net ( e.g. , oedogonium ) , a cup ( e.g. , chlamydomonas ) , a ribbon-like spiral around the edges of the cell ( e.g. , spirogyra ) , or slightly twisted bands at the cell edges ( e.g. , sirogonium ) . <SEP> what shape
greater diversity in chloroplast shapes exists among the algae , which often contain a single chloroplast that can be shaped like a net ( e.g. , oedogonium ) , a cup ( e.g. , chlamydomonas ) , a ribbon-like spiral around the edges of the cell ( e.g. , spirogyra ) , or slightly twisted bands at the cell edges ( e.g. , sirogonium ) . <SEP> what shape
the fact that chloroplasts are surrounded by a double membrane is often cited as evidence that they are the descendants of endosymbiotic cyanobacteria . <SEP> what
this is often interpreted as meaning the outer chloroplast membrane is the product of the host 's cell membrane infolding to form a vesicle to surround the ancestral cyanobacterium—which is not true—both chloroplast membranes are homologous to the cyanobacterium 's original double membranes . <SEP> what
this is often interpreted as meaning the outer chloroplast membrane is the product of the host 's cell membrane infolding to form a vesicle to surround the ancestral cyanobacterium—which is not true—both chloroplast membranes are homologous to the cyanobacterium 's original double membranes . <SEP> how
the chloroplast double membrane is also often compared to the mitochondrial double membrane . <SEP> what
this is not a valid comparison—the inner mitochondria membrane is used to run proton pumps and carry out oxidative phosphorylation across to generate atp energy . <SEP> what
this is not a valid comparison—the inner mitochondria membrane is used to run proton pumps and carry out oxidative phosphorylation across to generate atp energy . <SEP> what
the only chloroplast structure that can considered analogous to it is the internal thylakoid system . <SEP> what chloroplast structure
in addition , in terms of function , the inner chloroplast membrane , which regulates metabolite passage and synthesizes some materials , has no counterpart in the mitochondrion . <SEP> what part of chloroplasts
stromules are very rare in chloroplasts , and are much more common in other plastids like chromoplasts and amyloplasts in petals and roots , respectively . <SEP> what
the chloroplast membranes sometimes protrude out into the cytoplasm , forming a stromule , or stroma-containing tubule . <SEP> what
they may exist to increase the chloroplast 's surface area for cross-membrane transport , because they are often branched and tangled with the endoplasmic reticulum . <SEP> why
when they were first observed in 1962 , some plant biologists dismissed the structures as artifactual , claiming that stromules were just oddly shaped chloroplasts with constricted regions or dividing chloroplasts . <SEP> when
it is often found in the chloroplasts of c4 plants , though it has also been found in some c3 angiosperms , and even some gymnosperms . <SEP> where
it is often found in the chloroplasts of c4 plants , though it has also been found in some c3 angiosperms , and even some gymnosperms . <SEP> where
the chloroplast peripheral reticulum consists of a maze of membranous tubes and vesicles continuous with the inner chloroplast membrane that extends into the internal stromal fluid of the chloroplast . <SEP> what
its purpose is thought to be to increase the chloroplast 's surface area for cross-membrane transport between its stroma and the cell cytoplasm . <SEP> what
the small vesicles sometimes observed may serve as transport vesicles to shuttle stuff between the thylakoids and intermembrane space . <SEP> where
chloroplasts have their own ribosomes , which they use to synthesize a small fraction of their proteins . <SEP> what
chloroplast ribosomes are about two-thirds the size of cytoplasmic ribosomes ( around 17 nm vs 25 nm ) . <SEP> how large
chloroplast ribosomes are about two-thirds the size of cytoplasmic ribosomes ( around 17 nm vs 25 nm ) . <SEP> how large
small subunit ribosomal rnas in several chlorophyta and euglenid chloroplasts lack motifs for shine-dalgarno sequence recognition , which is considered essential for translation initiation in most chloroplasts and prokaryotes . <SEP> what
small subunit ribosomal rnas in several chlorophyta and euglenid chloroplasts lack motifs for shine-dalgarno sequence recognition , which is considered essential for translation initiation in most chloroplasts and prokaryotes . <SEP> why
plastoglobuli ( singular plastoglobulus , sometimes spelled plastoglobule ( s ) , are spherical bubbles of lipids and proteins about 45–60 nanometers across . <SEP> what
plastoglobuli ( singular plastoglobulus , sometimes spelled plastoglobule ( s ) , are spherical bubbles of lipids and proteins about 45–60 nanometers across . <SEP> what shape
plastoglobuli ( singular plastoglobulus , sometimes spelled plastoglobule ( s ) , are spherical bubbles of lipids and proteins about 45–60 nanometers across . <SEP> what
plastoglobuli ( singular plastoglobulus , sometimes spelled plastoglobule ( s ) , are spherical bubbles of lipids and proteins about 45–60 nanometers across . <SEP> how large
plastoglobuli were once thought to be free-floating in the stroma , but it is now thought that they are permanently attached either to a thylakoid or to another plastoglobulus attached to a thylakoid , a configuration that allows a plastoglobulus to exchange its contents with the thylakoid network . <SEP> what
plastoglobuli were once thought to be free-floating in the stroma , but it is now thought that they are permanently attached either to a thylakoid or to another plastoglobulus attached to a thylakoid , a configuration that allows a plastoglobulus to exchange its contents with the thylakoid network . <SEP> what
in normal green chloroplasts , the vast majority of plastoglobuli occur singularly , attached directly to their parent thylakoid . <SEP> how
in old or stressed chloroplasts , plastoglobuli tend to occur in linked groups or chains , still always anchored to a thylakoid . <SEP> when
the chloroplasts of some hornworts and algae contain structures called pyrenoids . <SEP> where
pyrenoids are roughly spherical and highly refractive bodies which are a site of starch accumulation in plants that contain them . <SEP> what shape
pyrenoids are roughly spherical and highly refractive bodies which are a site of starch accumulation in plants that contain them . <SEP> what
pyrenoids are roughly spherical and highly refractive bodies which are a site of starch accumulation in plants that contain them . <SEP> what
pyrenoids can divide to form new pyrenoids , or be produced " de novo " . <SEP> how
in the helical thylakoid model , grana consist of a stack of flattened circular granal thylakoids that resemble pancakes . <SEP> in what model
in the helical thylakoid model , grana consist of a stack of flattened circular granal thylakoids that resemble pancakes . <SEP> what shape
each granum can contain anywhere from two to a hundred thylakoids , though grana with 10–20 thylakoids are most common . <SEP> how many
each granum can contain anywhere from two to a hundred thylakoids , though grana with 10–20 thylakoids are most common . <SEP> how many
wrapped around the grana are helicoid stromal thylakoids , also known as frets or lamellar thylakoids . <SEP> what
photosystem ii and photosystem i contain light-harvesting complexes with chlorophyll and carotenoids that absorb light energy and use it to energize electrons . <SEP> what
photosystem ii and photosystem i contain light-harvesting complexes with chlorophyll and carotenoids that absorb light energy and use it to energize electrons . <SEP> what
photosystem ii and photosystem i contain light-harvesting complexes with chlorophyll and carotenoids that absorb light energy and use it to energize electrons . <SEP> what
molecules in the thylakoid membrane use the energized electrons to pump hydrogen ions into the thylakoid space , decreasing the ph and turning it acidic . <SEP> what
atp synthase is a large protein complex that harnesses the concentration gradient of the hydrogen ions in the thylakoid space to generate atp energy as the hydrogen ions flow back out into the stroma—much like a dam turbine . <SEP> what
there are two types of thylakoids—granal thylakoids , which are arranged in grana , and stromal thylakoids , which are in contact with the stroma . <SEP> how many types of thylakoids
there are two types of thylakoids—granal thylakoids , which are arranged in grana , and stromal thylakoids , which are in contact with the stroma . <SEP> what
there are two types of thylakoids—granal thylakoids , which are arranged in grana , and stromal thylakoids , which are in contact with the stroma . <SEP> what
granal thylakoids are pancake-shaped circular disks about 300–600 nanometers in diameter . <SEP> what shape
granal thylakoids are pancake-shaped circular disks about 300–600 nanometers in diameter . <SEP> how large
there are about thirty photosynthetic carotenoids . <SEP> how many photosynthetic carotenoids
they help transfer and dissipate excess energy , and their bright colors sometimes override the chlorophyll green , like during the fall , when the leaves of some land plants change color . <SEP> why
β-carotene is a bright red-orange carotenoid found in nearly all chloroplasts , like chlorophyll a. xanthophylls , especially the orange-red zeaxanthin , are also common . <SEP> what
β-carotene is a bright red-orange carotenoid found in nearly all chloroplasts , like chlorophyll a. xanthophylls , especially the orange-red zeaxanthin , are also common . <SEP> what
phycobilins are a third group of pigments found in cyanobacteria , and glaucophyte , red algal , and cryptophyte chloroplasts . <SEP> what
phycobilins come in all colors , though phycoerytherin is one of the pigments that makes many red algae red . <SEP> what color
phycobilins come in all colors , though phycoerytherin is one of the pigments that makes many red algae red . <SEP> what
phycobilins often organize into relatively large protein complexes about 40 nanometers across called phycobilisomes . <SEP> what
phycobilins often organize into relatively large protein complexes about 40 nanometers across called phycobilisomes . <SEP> how big
to fix carbon dioxide into sugar molecules in the process of photosynthesis , chloroplasts use an enzyme called rubisco . <SEP> what
rubisco has a problem—it has trouble distinguishing between carbon dioxide and oxygen , so at high oxygen concentrations , rubisco starts accidentally adding oxygen to sugar precursors . <SEP> what
rubisco has a problem—it has trouble distinguishing between carbon dioxide and oxygen , so at high oxygen concentrations , rubisco starts accidentally adding oxygen to sugar precursors . <SEP> what effect
this is a big problem , since o2 is produced by the initial light reactions of photosynthesis , causing issues down the line in the calvin cycle which uses rubisco . <SEP> what process down the line
this has the end result of atp energy being wasted and co2 being released , all with no sugar being produced . <SEP> what
in mesophyll cells , chloroplasts are specialized for the light reactions , so they lack rubisco , and have normal grana and thylakoids , which they use to make atp and nadph , as well as oxygen . <SEP> what
in mesophyll cells , chloroplasts are specialized for the light reactions , so they lack rubisco , and have normal grana and thylakoids , which they use to make atp and nadph , as well as oxygen . <SEP> what
in mesophyll cells , chloroplasts are specialized for the light reactions , so they lack rubisco , and have normal grana and thylakoids , which they use to make atp and nadph , as well as oxygen . <SEP> what
they store co2 in a four-carbon compound , which is why the process is called c4 photosynthesis . <SEP> what
because the job of bundle sheath chloroplasts is to carry out the calvin cycle and make sugar , they often contain large starch grains . <SEP> what
all green parts of a plant contain chloroplasts—the chloroplasts , or more specifically , the chlorophyll in them are what make the photosynthetic parts of a plant green . <SEP> what parts of plants
all green parts of a plant contain chloroplasts—the chloroplasts , or more specifically , the chlorophyll in them are what make the photosynthetic parts of a plant green . <SEP> what
the plant cells which contain chloroplasts are usually parenchyma cells , though chloroplasts can also be found in collenchyma tissue . <SEP> what plant cells
the plant cells which contain chloroplasts are usually parenchyma cells , though chloroplasts can also be found in collenchyma tissue . <SEP> where
a plant cell which contains chloroplasts is known as a chlorenchyma cell . <SEP> what
in some plants such as cacti , chloroplasts are found in the stems , though in most plants , chloroplasts are concentrated in the leaves . <SEP> where
in some plants such as cacti , chloroplasts are found in the stems , though in most plants , chloroplasts are concentrated in the leaves . <SEP> where
palisade mesophyll cells can contain 30–70 chloroplasts per cell , while stomatal guard cells contain only around 8–15 per cell , as well as much less chlorophyll . <SEP> how many chloroplasts
one square millimeter of leaf tissue can contain half a million chloroplasts . <SEP> how many chloroplasts
within a leaf , chloroplasts are mainly found in the mesophyll layers of a leaf , and the guard cells of stomata . <SEP> what layers of a leaf
in low-light conditions , they will spread out in a sheet—maximizing the surface area to absorb light . <SEP> when
under intense light , they will seek shelter by aligning in vertical columns along the plant cell 's cell wall or turning sideways so that light strikes them edge-on . <SEP> when
this reduces exposure and protects them from photooxidative damage . <SEP> what
this ability to distribute chloroplasts so that they can take shelter behind each other or spread out may be the reason why land plants evolved to have many small chloroplasts instead of a few big ones . <SEP> why
plants have two main immune responses—the hypersensitive response , in which infected cells seal themselves off and undergo programmed cell death , and systemic acquired resistance , where infected cells release signals warning the rest of the plant of a pathogen 's presence . <SEP> how many major immune responses
plants have two main immune responses—the hypersensitive response , in which infected cells seal themselves off and undergo programmed cell death , and systemic acquired resistance , where infected cells release signals warning the rest of the plant of a pathogen 's presence . <SEP> what
plants have two main immune responses—the hypersensitive response , in which infected cells seal themselves off and undergo programmed cell death , and systemic acquired resistance , where infected cells release signals warning the rest of the plant of a pathogen 's presence . <SEP> what
chloroplasts stimulate both responses by purposely damaging their photosynthetic system , producing reactive oxygen species . <SEP> how
chloroplasts stimulate both responses by purposely damaging their photosynthetic system , producing reactive oxygen species . <SEP> what
after detecting stress in a cell , which might be due to a pathogen , chloroplasts begin producing molecules like salicylic acid , jasmonic acid , nitric oxide and reactive oxygen species which can serve as defense-signals . <SEP> what molecules
after detecting stress in a cell , which might be due to a pathogen , chloroplasts begin producing molecules like salicylic acid , jasmonic acid , nitric oxide and reactive oxygen species which can serve as defense-signals . <SEP> when
as cellular signals , reactive oxygen species are unstable molecules , so they probably do n't leave the chloroplast , but instead pass on their signal to an unknown second messenger molecule . <SEP> what
all these molecules initiate retrograde signaling—signals from the chloroplast that regulate gene expression in the nucleus . <SEP> what
one of the main functions of the chloroplast is its role in photosynthesis , the process by which light is transformed into chemical energy , to subsequently produce food in the form of sugars . <SEP> what
one of the main functions of the chloroplast is its role in photosynthesis , the process by which light is transformed into chemical energy , to subsequently produce food in the form of sugars . <SEP> what
one of the main functions of the chloroplast is its role in photosynthesis , the process by which light is transformed into chemical energy , to subsequently produce food in the form of sugars . <SEP> what
water ( h2o ) and carbon dioxide ( co2 ) are used in photosynthesis , and sugar and oxygen ( o2 ) is made , using light energy . <SEP> what
water ( h2o ) and carbon dioxide ( co2 ) are used in photosynthesis , and sugar and oxygen ( o2 ) is made , using light energy . <SEP> what
like mitochondria , chloroplasts use the potential energy stored in an h+ , or hydrogen ion gradient to generate atp energy . <SEP> what
the molecules between the photosystems harness the electrons ' energy to pump hydrogen ions into the thylakoid space , creating a concentration gradient , with more hydrogen ions ( up to a thousand times as many ) inside the thylakoid system than in the stroma . <SEP> where
the molecules between the photosystems harness the electrons ' energy to pump hydrogen ions into the thylakoid space , creating a concentration gradient , with more hydrogen ions ( up to a thousand times as many ) inside the thylakoid system than in the stroma . <SEP> how concentrated
atp synthase uses the energy from the flowing hydrogen ions to phosphorylate adenosine diphosphate into adenosine triphosphate , or atp . <SEP> what
atp synthase uses the energy from the flowing hydrogen ions to phosphorylate adenosine diphosphate into adenosine triphosphate , or atp . <SEP> what
normally , the reenergized electrons are taken by nadp+ , though sometimes they can flow back down more h+-pumping electron transport chains to transport more hydrogen ions into the thylakoid space to generate more atp . <SEP> what
this is termed cyclic photophosphorylation because the electrons are recycled . <SEP> in what process
cyclic photophosphorylation is common in c4 plants , which need more atp than nadph . <SEP> where
cyclic photophosphorylation is common in c4 plants , which need more atp than nadph . <SEP> what
the calvin cycle starts by using the enzyme rubisco to fix co2 into five-carbon ribulose bisphosphate ( rubp ) molecules . <SEP> what cycle
the result is unstable six-carbon molecules that immediately break down into three-carbon molecules called 3-phosphoglyceric acid , or 3-pga . <SEP> what
the result is unstable six-carbon molecules that immediately break down into three-carbon molecules called 3-phosphoglyceric acid , or 3-pga . <SEP> what
most of the g3p molecules are recycled back into rubp using energy from more atp , but one out of every six produced leaves the cycle—the end product of the dark reactions . <SEP> how many
alternatively , glucose monomers in the chloroplast can be linked together to make starch , which accumulates into the starch grains found in the chloroplast . <SEP> what
under conditions such as high atmospheric co2 concentrations , these starch grains may grow very large , distorting the grana and thylakoids . <SEP> when
under conditions such as high atmospheric co2 concentrations , these starch grains may grow very large , distorting the grana and thylakoids . <SEP> what
waterlogged roots can also cause starch buildup in the chloroplasts , possibly due to less sucrose being exported out of the chloroplast ( or more accurately , the plant cell ) . <SEP> what root problem
while linked to low photosynthesis rates , the starch grains themselves may not necessarily interfere significantly with the efficiency of photosynthesis , and might simply be a side effect of another photosynthesis-depressing factor . <SEP> what
rubisco can not distinguish between oxygen and carbon dioxide very well , so it can accidentally add o2 instead of co2 to rubp . <SEP> what
photorespiration can occur when the oxygen concentration is too high . <SEP> when
this process reduces the efficiency of photosynthesis—it consumes atp and oxygen , releases co2 , and produces no sugar . <SEP> why
it can waste up to half the carbon fixed by the calvin cycle . <SEP> how much carbon
chloroplasts in c4 plants are notable as they exhibit a distinct chloroplast dimorphism . <SEP> what
chloroplasts alone make almost all of a plant cell 's amino acids in their stroma except the sulfur-containing ones like cysteine and methionine . <SEP> where
chloroplasts alone make almost all of a plant cell 's amino acids in their stroma except the sulfur-containing ones like cysteine and methionine . <SEP> which amino acids
cysteine is made in the chloroplast ( the proplastid too ) but it is also synthesized in the cytosol and mitochondria , probably because it has trouble crossing membranes to get to where it is needed . <SEP> what
the chloroplast is known to make the precursors to methionine but it is unclear whether the organelle carries out the last leg of the pathway or if it happens in the cytosol . <SEP> what
chloroplasts are a special type of a plant cell organelle called a plastid , though the two terms are sometimes used interchangeably . <SEP> what
all chloroplasts in a plant are descended from undifferentiated proplastids found in the zygote , or fertilized egg . <SEP> what
proplastids are commonly found in an adult plant 's apical meristems . <SEP> where
chloroplasts do not normally develop from proplastids in root tip meristems—instead , the formation of starch-storing amyloplasts is more common . <SEP> what
if angiosperm shoots are not exposed to the required light for chloroplast formation , proplastids may develop into an etioplast stage before becoming chloroplasts . <SEP> what
an etioplast is a plastid that lacks chlorophyll , and has inner membrane invaginations that form a lattice of tubes in their stroma , called a prolamellar body . <SEP> what
while etioplasts lack chlorophyll , they have a yellow chlorophyll precursor stocked . <SEP> what
gymnosperms do not require light to form chloroplasts . <SEP> what plants
chloroplasts may be converted to chromoplasts , which are pigment-filled plastids responsible for the bright colors seen in flowers and ripe fruit . <SEP> what
chloroplasts may be converted to chromoplasts , which are pigment-filled plastids responsible for the bright colors seen in flowers and ripe fruit . <SEP> what
starch storing amyloplasts can also be converted to chromoplasts , and it is possible for proplastids to develop straight into chromoplasts . <SEP> what
starch storing amyloplasts can also be converted to chromoplasts , and it is possible for proplastids to develop straight into chromoplasts . <SEP> what
if a plant is injured , or something else causes a plant cell to revert to a meristematic state , chloroplasts and other plastids can turn back into proplastids . <SEP> when
the division process starts when the proteins ftsz1 and ftsz2 assemble into filaments , and with the help of a protein arc6 , form a structure called a z-ring within the chloroplast 's stroma . <SEP> what
the division process starts when the proteins ftsz1 and ftsz2 assemble into filaments , and with the help of a protein arc6 , form a structure called a z-ring within the chloroplast 's stroma . <SEP> what
the division process starts when the proteins ftsz1 and ftsz2 assemble into filaments , and with the help of a protein arc6 , form a structure called a z-ring within the chloroplast 's stroma . <SEP> what
the division process starts when the proteins ftsz1 and ftsz2 assemble into filaments , and with the help of a protein arc6 , form a structure called a z-ring within the chloroplast 's stroma . <SEP> where
the min system manages the placement of the z-ring , ensuring that the chloroplast is cleaved more or less evenly . <SEP> what
next , the two plastid-dividing rings , or pd rings form . <SEP> what
next , the two plastid-dividing rings , or pd rings form . <SEP> how many pd rings
it consists of filaments about 5 nanometers across , arranged in rows 6.4 nanometers apart , and shrinks to squeeze the chloroplast . <SEP> how large
it consists of filaments about 5 nanometers across , arranged in rows 6.4 nanometers apart , and shrinks to squeeze the chloroplast . <SEP> how far apart
in a few species like cyanidioschyzon merolæ , chloroplasts have a third plastid-dividing ring located in the chloroplast 's intermembrane space . <SEP> what
chloroplasts can grow and progress through some of the constriction stages under poor quality green light , but are slow to complete division—they require exposure to bright white light to complete division . <SEP> what kind of light
spinach leaves grown under green light have been observed to contain many large dumbbell-shaped chloroplasts . <SEP> what
chloroplasts can grow and progress through some of the constriction stages under poor quality green light , but are slow to complete division—they require exposure to bright white light to complete division . <SEP> what kind of light
since , in most flowering plants , chloroplasts are not inherited from the male parent , transgenes in these plastids can not be disseminated by pollen . <SEP> why
this makes plastid transformation a valuable tool for the creation and cultivation of genetically modified plants that are biologically contained , thus posing significantly lower environmental risks . <SEP> what
while the reliability of this mechanism has not yet been studied for all relevant crop species , recent results in tobacco plants are promising , showing a failed containment rate of transplastomic plants at 3 in 1,000,000 . <SEP> what
while the reliability of this mechanism has not yet been studied for all relevant crop species , recent results in tobacco plants are promising , showing a failed containment rate of transplastomic plants at 3 in 1,000,000 . <SEP> what
a prime number ( or a prime ) is a natural number greater than 1 that has no positive divisors other than 1 and itself . <SEP> what
a natural number greater than 1 that is not a prime number is called a composite number . <SEP> what
the fundamental theorem of arithmetic establishes the central role of primes in number theory : any integer greater than 1 can be expressed as a product of primes that is unique up to ordering . <SEP> what theorem
the uniqueness in this theorem requires excluding 1 as a prime because one can include arbitrarily many instances of 1 in any factorization , e.g. , 3 , 1 · 3 , 1 · 1 · 3 , etc . are all valid factorizations of 3 . <SEP> why
the property of being prime ( or not ) is called primality . <SEP> what
a simple but slow method of verifying the primality of a given number n is known as trial division . <SEP> what
these include the miller–rabin primality test , which is fast but has a small probability of error , and the aks primality test , which always produces the correct answer in polynomial time but is too slow to be practical . <SEP> what
these include the miller–rabin primality test , which is fast but has a small probability of error , and the aks primality test , which always produces the correct answer in polynomial time but is too slow to be practical . <SEP> what
as of january 2016 [ update ] , the largest known prime number has 22,338,618 decimal digits . <SEP> how many digits
there are infinitely many primes , as demonstrated by euclid around 300 bc . <SEP> how many prime numbers
there are infinitely many primes , as demonstrated by euclid around 300 bc . <SEP> who
however , the distribution of primes , that is to say , the statistical behaviour of primes in the large , can be modelled . <SEP> what type of behavior in primes
the first result in that direction is the prime number theorem , proven at the end of the 19th century , which says that the probability that a given , randomly chosen number n is prime is inversely proportional to its number of digits , or to the logarithm of n . <SEP> what theorem
the first result in that direction is the prime number theorem , proven at the end of the 19th century , which says that the probability that a given , randomly chosen number n is prime is inversely proportional to its number of digits , or to the logarithm of n . <SEP> when
many questions regarding prime numbers remain open , such as goldbach 's conjecture ( that every even integer greater than 2 can be expressed as the sum of two primes ) , and the twin prime conjecture ( that there are infinitely many pairs of primes whose difference is 2 ) . <SEP> what
many questions regarding prime numbers remain open , such as goldbach 's conjecture ( that every even integer greater than 2 can be expressed as the sum of two primes ) , and the twin prime conjecture ( that there are infinitely many pairs of primes whose difference is 2 ) . <SEP> what
such questions spurred the development of various branches of number theory , focusing on analytic or algebraic aspects of numbers . <SEP> what
primes are used in several routines in information technology , such as public-key cryptography , which makes use of properties such as the difficulty of factoring large numbers into their prime factors . <SEP> what
prime numbers give rise to various generalizations in other mathematical domains , mainly algebra , such as prime elements and prime ideals . <SEP> what
no even number greater than 2 is prime because by definition , any such number n has at least three distinct divisors , namely 1 , 2 , and n. this implies that n is not prime . <SEP> what
no even number greater than 2 is prime because by definition , any such number n has at least three distinct divisors , namely 1 , 2 , and n. this implies that n is not prime . <SEP> what
accordingly , the term odd prime refers to any prime number greater than 2 . <SEP> what name
similarly , when written in the usual decimal system , all prime numbers larger than 5 end in 1 , 3 , 7 , or 9 , since even numbers are multiples of 2 and numbers ending in 0 or 5 are multiples of 5 . <SEP> what other number
similarly , when written in the usual decimal system , all prime numbers larger than 5 end in 1 , 3 , 7 , or 9 , since even numbers are multiples of 2 and numbers ending in 0 or 5 are multiples of 5 . <SEP> what type of numbers
most early greeks did not even consider 1 to be a number , so they could not consider it to be a prime . <SEP> what number
in the mid-18th century christian goldbach listed 1 as the first prime in his famous correspondence with leonhard euler -- who did not agree . <SEP> who
in the mid-18th century christian goldbach listed 1 as the first prime in his famous correspondence with leonhard euler -- who did not agree . <SEP> who
for example , derrick norman lehmer 's list of primes up to 10,006,721 , reprinted as late as 1956 , started with 1 as its first prime . <SEP> how many
by the early 20th century , mathematicians began to accept that 1 is not a prime number , but rather forms its own special category as a " unit " . <SEP> what type of number
a large body of mathematical work would still be valid when calling 1 a prime , but euclid 's fundamental theorem of arithmetic ( mentioned above ) would not hold as stated . <SEP> which theorem
furthermore , the prime numbers have several properties that the number 1 lacks , such as the relationship of the number to its corresponding value of euler 's totient function or the sum of divisors function . <SEP> what
furthermore , the prime numbers have several properties that the number 1 lacks , such as the relationship of the number to its corresponding value of euler 's totient function or the sum of divisors function . <SEP> what
similarly , the sieve of eratosthenes would not work correctly if 1 were considered a prime : a modified version of the sieve that considers 1 as prime would eliminate all multiples of 1 ( that is , all other numbers ) and produce as output only the single number 1 . <SEP> what
there are hints in the surviving records of the ancient egyptians that they had some knowledge of prime numbers : the egyptian fraction expansions in the rhind papyrus , for instance , have quite different forms for primes and for composites . <SEP> what
however , the earliest surviving records of the explicit study of prime numbers come from the ancient greeks . <SEP> what civilization
euclid 's elements ( circa 300 bc ) contain important theorems about primes , including the infinitude of primes and the fundamental theorem of arithmetic . <SEP> what work from around 300 bc
euclid also showed how to construct a perfect number from a mersenne prime . <SEP> who
the sieve of eratosthenes , attributed to eratosthenes , is a simple method to compute primes , although the large primes found today with computers are not generated this way . <SEP> what
in 1640 pierre de fermat stated ( without proof ) fermat 's little theorem ( later proved by leibniz and euler ) . <SEP> in what year
in 1640 pierre de fermat stated ( without proof ) fermat 's little theorem ( later proved by leibniz and euler ) . <SEP> besides leibniz , what other mathematician
fermat also conjectured that all numbers of the form 22n + 1 are prime ( they are called fermat numbers ) and he verified this up to n = 4 ( or 216 + 1 ) . <SEP> of what form
the french monk marin mersenne looked at primes of the form 2p − 1 , with p a prime . <SEP> of what form
fermat also conjectured that all numbers of the form 22n + 1 are prime ( they are called fermat numbers ) and he verified this up to n = 4 ( or 216 + 1 ) . <SEP> to what extent
the most basic method of checking the primality of a given integer n is called trial division . <SEP> what
this routine can be implemented more efficiently if a complete list of primes up to is known—then trial divisions need to be checked only for those m that are prime . <SEP> what
for example , to check the primality of 37 , only three divisions are necessary ( m = 2 , 3 , and 5 ) , given that 4 and 6 are composite . <SEP> how many divisions
this routine consists of dividing n by each integer m that is greater than 1 and less than or equal to the square root of n. if the result of any of these divisions is an integer , then n is not a prime , otherwise it is a prime . <SEP> what
modern primality tests for general numbers n can be divided into two main classes , probabilistic ( or " monte carlo " ) and deterministic algorithms . <SEP> how many modern types of primality tests for general numbers n
modern primality tests for general numbers n can be divided into two main classes , probabilistic ( or " monte carlo " ) and deterministic algorithms . <SEP> what
modern primality tests for general numbers n can be divided into two main classes , probabilistic ( or " monte carlo " ) and deterministic algorithms . <SEP> what
for example , trial division is a deterministic algorithm because , if performed correctly , it will always identify a prime number as prime and a composite number as composite . <SEP> what type of algorithm
if we repeat the test n times and pass every time , then the probability that our number is composite is 1/ ( 1-p ) n , which decreases exponentially with the number of tests , so we can be as sure as we like ( though never perfectly sure ) that the number is prime . <SEP> when
a particularly simple example of a probabilistic test is the fermat primality test , which relies on the fact ( fermat 's little theorem ) that np≡n ( mod p ) for any n if p is a prime number . <SEP> what
a particularly simple example of a probabilistic test is the fermat primality test , which relies on the fact ( fermat 's little theorem ) that np≡n ( mod p ) for any n if p is a prime number . <SEP> what
a flaw with this test is that there are some composite numbers ( the carmichael numbers ) that satisfy the fermat identity even though they are not prime , so the test has no way of distinguishing between prime numbers and carmichael numbers . <SEP> what type of numbers
more powerful extensions of the fermat primality test , such as the baillie-psw , miller-rabin , and solovay-strassen tests , are guaranteed to fail at least some of the time when applied to a composite number . <SEP> what
more powerful extensions of the fermat primality test , such as the baillie-psw , miller-rabin , and solovay-strassen tests , are guaranteed to fail at least some of the time when applied to a composite number . <SEP> what
other primes where either p + 1 or p − 1 is of a particular shape include the sophie germain primes ( primes of the form 2p + 1 with p prime ) , primorial primes , fermat primes and mersenne primes , that is , prime numbers that are of the form 2p − 1 , where p is an arbitrary prime . <SEP> of what form
other primes where either p + 1 or p − 1 is of a particular shape include the sophie germain primes ( primes of the form 2p + 1 with p prime ) , primorial primes , fermat primes and mersenne primes , that is , prime numbers that are of the form 2p − 1 , where p is an arbitrary prime . <SEP> of what form
the lucas–lehmer test is particularly fast for numbers of this form . <SEP> what test
other primes where either p + 1 or p − 1 is of a particular shape include the sophie germain primes ( primes of the form 2p + 1 with p prime ) , primorial primes , fermat primes and mersenne primes , that is , prime numbers that are of the form 2p − 1 , where p is an arbitrary prime . <SEP> what
other primes where either p + 1 or p − 1 is of a particular shape include the sophie germain primes ( primes of the form 2p + 1 with p prime ) , primorial primes , fermat primes and mersenne primes , that is , prime numbers that are of the form 2p − 1 , where p is an arbitrary prime . <SEP> what
some of these primes have been found using distributed computing . <SEP> what
in 2009 , the great internet mersenne prime search project was awarded a us $ 100,000 prize for first discovering a prime with at least 10 million digits . <SEP> in what year
in 2009 , the great internet mersenne prime search project was awarded a us $ 100,000 prize for first discovering a prime with at least 10 million digits . <SEP> what
the electronic frontier foundation also offers $ 150,000 and $ 250,000 for primes with at least 100 million digits and 1 billion digits , respectively . <SEP> what organization
some of the largest primes not known to have any particular form ( that is , no simple formula such as that of mersenne primes ) have been found by taking a piece of semi-random binary data , converting it to a number n , multiplying it by 256k for some positive integer k , and searching for possible primes within the interval [ 256kn + 1 , 256k ( n + 1 ) − 1 ] . <SEP> in what interval
are prime for any natural number n. here represents the floor function , i.e. , largest integer not greater than the number in question . <SEP> what
the latter formula can be shown using bertrand 's postulate ( proven first by chebyshev ) , which states that there always exists at least one prime number p with n < p < 2n − 2 , for any natural number n > 3 . <SEP> who
the latter formula can be shown using bertrand 's postulate ( proven first by chebyshev ) , which states that there always exists at least one prime number p with n < p < 2n − 2 , for any natural number n > 3 . <SEP> what
the latter formula can be shown using bertrand 's postulate ( proven first by chebyshev ) , which states that there always exists at least one prime number p with n < p < 2n − 2 , for any natural number n > 3 . <SEP> how
another formula is based on wilson 's theorem and generates the number 2 many times and all other primes exactly once . <SEP> on what theorem
can have infinitely many primes only when a and q are coprime , i.e. , their greatest common divisor is one . <SEP> what
if this necessary condition is satisfied , dirichlet 's theorem on arithmetic progressions asserts that the progression contains infinitely many primes . <SEP> which
what is more , the primes are distributed equally among those rows in the long run—the density of all primes congruent a modulo 9 is 1/6 . <SEP> what
the rows ( =progressions ) starting with a = 3 , 6 , or 9 contain at most one prime number . <SEP> how many
in all other rows ( a = 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 , 7 , and 8 ) there are infinitely many prime numbers . <SEP> how many
the zeta function is closely related to prime numbers . <SEP> what function
for example , the aforementioned fact that there are infinitely many primes can also be seen using the zeta function : if there were only finitely many primes then ζ ( 1 ) would have a finite value . <SEP> what type of value
however , the harmonic series 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4 + ... diverges ( i.e. , exceeds any given number ) , so there must be infinitely many primes . <SEP> what
however , the harmonic series 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4 + ... diverges ( i.e. , exceeds any given number ) , so there must be infinitely many primes . <SEP> what
another example of the richness of the zeta function and a glimpse of modern algebraic number theory is the following identity ( basel problem ) , due to euler , <SEP> of what mathematical nature
the unproven riemann hypothesis , dating from 1859 , states that except for s = −2 , −4 , ... , all zeroes of the ζ-function have real part equal to 1/2 . <SEP> when
the unproven riemann hypothesis , dating from 1859 , states that except for s = −2 , −4 , ... , all zeroes of the ζ-function have real part equal to 1/2 . <SEP> what
[ clarification needed ] from a physical viewpoint , it roughly states that the irregularity in the distribution of primes only comes from random noise . <SEP> what
from a mathematical viewpoint , it roughly states that the asymptotic distribution of primes ( about x/log x of numbers less than x are primes , the prime number theorem ) also holds for much shorter intervals of length about the square root of x ( for intervals near x ) . <SEP> what type of prime distribution
from a mathematical viewpoint , it roughly states that the asymptotic distribution of primes ( about x/log x of numbers less than x are primes , the prime number theorem ) also holds for much shorter intervals of length about the square root of x ( for intervals near x ) . <SEP> what type of prime distribution
one of them is goldbach 's conjecture , which asserts that every even integer n greater than 2 can be written as a sum of two primes . <SEP> which conjecture
often having an elementary formulation , many of these conjectures have withstood a proof for decades : all four of landau 's problems from 1912 are still unsolved . <SEP> when
as of february 2011 [ update ] , this conjecture has been verified for all numbers up to n = 2 · 1017 . <SEP> how many numbers
weaker statements than this have been proven , for example vinogradov 's theorem says that every sufficiently large odd integer can be written as a sum of three primes . <SEP> which theorem states
chen 's theorem says that every sufficiently large even number can be expressed as the sum of a prime and a semiprime , the product of two primes . <SEP> which theorem states
it is conjectured that there are infinitely many twin primes , pairs of primes with difference 2 ( twin prime conjecture ) . <SEP> what conjecture
it is conjectured that there are infinitely many twin primes , pairs of primes with difference 2 ( twin prime conjecture ) . <SEP> what
polignac 's conjecture is a strengthening of that conjecture , it states that for every positive integer n , there are infinitely many pairs of consecutive primes that differ by 2n . <SEP> which conjecture
it is conjectured there are infinitely many primes of the form n2 + 1 . <SEP> of what form
these conjectures are special cases of the broad schinzel 's hypothesis h. brocard 's conjecture says that there are always at least four primes between the squares of consecutive primes greater than 2 . <SEP> what conjecture
for a long time , number theory in general , and the study of prime numbers in particular , was seen as the canonical example of pure mathematics , with no applications outside of the self-interest of studying the topic with the exception of use of prime numbered gear teeth to distribute wear evenly . <SEP> what general theory
in particular , number theorists such as british mathematician g. h. hardy prided themselves on doing work that had absolutely no military significance . <SEP> what british mathematician
however , this vision was shattered in the 1970s , when it was publicly announced that prime numbers could be used as the basis for the creation of public key cryptography algorithms . <SEP> when
prime numbers are also used for hash tables and pseudorandom number generators . <SEP> what
prime numbers are also used for hash tables and pseudorandom number generators . <SEP> what type of number generators
another consequence of fermat 's little theorem is the following : if p is a prime number other than 2 and 5 , 1/p is always a recurring decimal , whose period is p − 1 or a divisor of p − 1 . <SEP> what type of decimal
another consequence of fermat 's little theorem is the following : if p is a prime number other than 2 and 5 , 1/p is always a recurring decimal , whose period is p − 1 or a divisor of p − 1 . <SEP> what period
the fraction 1/p expressed likewise in base q ( rather than base 10 ) has similar effect , provided that p is not a prime factor of q. wilson 's theorem says that an integer p > 1 is prime if and only if the factorial ( p − 1 ) ! + 1 is divisible by p. moreover , an integer n > 4 is composite if and only if ( n − 1 ) ! <SEP> what
+ 1 is divisible by p. moreover , an integer n > 4 is composite if and only if ( n − 1 ) ! <SEP> what
the fraction 1/p expressed likewise in base q ( rather than base 10 ) has similar effect , provided that p is not a prime factor of q. wilson 's theorem says that an integer p > 1 is prime if and only if the factorial ( p − 1 ) ! <SEP> what condition
several public-key cryptography algorithms , such as rsa and the diffie–hellman key exchange , are based on large prime numbers ( for example , 512-bit primes are frequently used for rsa and 1024-bit primes are typical for diffie–hellman . ) <SEP> what
several public-key cryptography algorithms , such as rsa and the diffie–hellman key exchange , are based on large prime numbers ( for example , 512-bit primes are frequently used for rsa and 1024-bit primes are typical for diffie–hellman . ) <SEP> what
several public-key cryptography algorithms , such as rsa and the diffie–hellman key exchange , are based on large prime numbers ( for example , 512-bit primes are frequently used for rsa and 1024-bit primes are typical for diffie–hellman . ) <SEP> how many bits
the diffie–hellman key exchange relies on the fact that there are efficient algorithms for modular exponentiation , while the reverse operation the discrete logarithm is thought to be a hard problem . <SEP> on what type of exponentiation
several public-key cryptography algorithms , such as rsa and the diffie–hellman key exchange , are based on large prime numbers ( for example , 512-bit primes are frequently used for rsa and 1024-bit primes are typical for diffie–hellman . ) <SEP> how many bits
the evolutionary strategy used by cicadas of the genus magicicada make use of prime numbers . <SEP> what type of insect
these insects spend most of their lives as grubs underground . <SEP> where
they only pupate and then emerge from their burrows after 7 , 13 or 17 years , at which point they fly about , breed , and then die after a few weeks at most . <SEP> what
the logic for this is believed to be that the prime number intervals between emergences make it very difficult for predators to evolve that could specialize as predators on magicicadas . <SEP> what
over a 200-year period , average predator populations during hypothetical outbreaks of 14- and 15-year cicadas would be up to 2 % higher than during outbreaks of 13- and 17-year cicadas . <SEP> how much larger
generally , " prime " indicates minimality or indecomposability , in an appropriate sense . <SEP> what
any knot can be uniquely expressed as a connected sum of prime knots . <SEP> how
often a second , additional meaning is intended by using the word prime , namely that any object can be , essentially uniquely , decomposed into its prime components . <SEP> what
for example , in knot theory , a prime knot is a knot that is indecomposable in the sense that it can not be written as the knot sum of two nontrivial knots . <SEP> what
prime numbers give rise to two more general concepts that apply to elements of any commutative ring r , an algebraic structure where addition , subtraction and multiplication are defined : prime elements and irreducible elements . <SEP> what
prime numbers give rise to two more general concepts that apply to elements of any commutative ring r , an algebraic structure where addition , subtraction and multiplication are defined : prime elements and irreducible elements . <SEP> what
prime numbers give rise to two more general concepts that apply to elements of any commutative ring r , an algebraic structure where addition , subtraction and multiplication are defined : prime elements and irreducible elements . <SEP> what
an element p of r is called prime element if it is neither zero nor a unit ( i.e. , does not have a multiplicative inverse ) and satisfies the following requirement : given x and y in r such that p divides the product xy , then p divides x or y. an element is irreducible if it is not a unit and can not be written as a product of two ring elements that are not units . <SEP> what
an element p of r is called prime element if it is neither zero nor a unit ( i.e. , does not have a multiplicative inverse ) and satisfies the following requirement : given x and y in r such that p divides the product xy , then p divides x or y. an element is irreducible if it is not a unit and can not be written as a product of two ring elements that are not units . <SEP> under what condition
the fundamental theorem of arithmetic continues to hold in unique factorization domains . <SEP> what theorem
an example of such a domain is the gaussian integers z [ i ] , that is , the set of complex numbers of the form a + bi where i denotes the imaginary unit and a and b are arbitrary integers . <SEP> what
an example of such a domain is the gaussian integers z [ i ] , that is , the set of complex numbers of the form a + bi where i denotes the imaginary unit and a and b are arbitrary integers . <SEP> what form
an example of such a domain is the gaussian integers z [ i ] , that is , the set of complex numbers of the form a + bi where i denotes the imaginary unit and a and b are arbitrary integers . <SEP> what
rational primes ( i.e . prime elements in z ) of the form 4k + 3 are gaussian primes , whereas rational primes of the form 4k + 1 are not . <SEP> of what
in ring theory , the notion of number is generally replaced with that of ideal . <SEP> in what theory
prime ideals , which generalize prime elements in the sense that the principal ideal generated by a prime element is a prime ideal , are an important tool and object of study in commutative algebra , algebraic number theory and algebraic geometry . <SEP> what type of ideals
prime ideals , which generalize prime elements in the sense that the principal ideal generated by a prime element is a prime ideal , are an important tool and object of study in commutative algebra , algebraic number theory and algebraic geometry . <SEP> what type of number theory
the prime ideals of the ring of integers are the ideals ( 0 ) , ( 2 ) , ( 3 ) , ( 5 ) , ( 7 ) , ( 11 ) , … the fundamental theorem of arithmetic generalizes to the lasker–noether theorem , which expresses every ideal in a noetherian commutative ring as an intersection of primary ideals , which are the appropriate generalizations of prime powers . <SEP> which theorem
the prime ideals of the ring of integers are the ideals ( 0 ) , ( 2 ) , ( 3 ) , ( 5 ) , ( 7 ) , ( 11 ) , … the fundamental theorem of arithmetic generalizes to the lasker–noether theorem , which expresses every ideal in a noetherian commutative ring as an intersection of primary ideals , which are the appropriate generalizations of prime powers . <SEP> what type of commutative ring
prime ideals are the points of algebro-geometric objects , via the notion of the spectrum of a ring . <SEP> what
for example , factorization or ramification of prime ideals when lifted to an extension field , a basic problem of algebraic number theory , bears some resemblance with ramification in geometry . <SEP> what
for example , prime ideals in the ring of integers of quadratic number fields can be used in proving quadratic reciprocity , a statement that concerns the solvability of quadratic equations <SEP> in what type of ring
for example , prime ideals in the ring of integers of quadratic number fields can be used in proving quadratic reciprocity , a statement that concerns the solvability of quadratic equations <SEP> what
in particular , this norm gets smaller when a number is multiplied by p , in sharp contrast to the usual absolute value ( also referred to as the infinite prime ) . <SEP> what
certain arithmetic questions related to q or more general global fields may be transferred back and forth to the completed ( or local ) fields . <SEP> to what
this local-global principle again underlines the importance of primes to number theory . <SEP> what
the french composer olivier messiaen used prime numbers to create ametrical music through " natural phenomena " . <SEP> which french composer
in works such as la nativité du seigneur ( 1935 ) and quatre études de rythme ( 1949–50 ) , he simultaneously employs motifs with lengths given by different prime numbers to create unpredictable rhythms : the primes 41 , 43 , 47 and 53 appear in the third étude , " neumes rythmiques " . <SEP> what
in works such as la nativité du seigneur ( 1935 ) and quatre études de rythme ( 1949–50 ) , he simultaneously employs motifs with lengths given by different prime numbers to create unpredictable rhythms : the primes 41 , 43 , 47 and 53 appear in the third étude , " neumes rythmiques " . <SEP> which
according to messiaen this way of composing was " inspired by the movements of nature , movements of free and unequal durations " . <SEP> by what
the rhine ( romansh : rein , german : rhein , french : le rhin , dutch : rijn ) is a european river that begins in the swiss canton of graubünden in the southeastern swiss alps , forms part of the swiss-austrian , swiss-liechtenstein border , swiss-german and then the franco-german border , then flows through the rhineland and eventually empties into the north sea in the netherlands . <SEP> where
the rhine ( romansh : rein , german : rhein , french : le rhin , dutch : rijn ) is a european river that begins in the swiss canton of graubünden in the southeastern swiss alps , forms part of the swiss-austrian , swiss-liechtenstein border , swiss-german and then the franco-german border , then flows through the rhineland and eventually empties into the north sea in the netherlands . <SEP> where
the biggest city on the river rhine is cologne , germany with a population of more than 1,050,000 people . <SEP> what
it is the second-longest river in central and western europe ( after the danube ) , at about 1,230 km ( 760 mi ) , [ note 2 ] [ note 1 ] with an average discharge of about 2,900 m3/s ( 100,000 cu ft/s ) . <SEP> what river
it is the second-longest river in central and western europe ( after the danube ) , at about 1,230 km ( 760 mi ) , [ note 2 ] [ note 1 ] with an average discharge of about 2,900 m3/s ( 100,000 cu ft/s ) . <SEP> how long
the rhine ( romansh : rein , german : rhein , french : le rhin , dutch : rijn ) is a european river that begins in the swiss canton of graubünden in the southeastern swiss alps , forms part of the swiss-austrian , swiss-liechtenstein border , swiss-german and then the franco-german border , then flows through the rhineland and eventually empties into the north sea in the netherlands . <SEP> what country
it is the second-longest river in central and western europe ( after the danube ) , at about 1,230 km ( 760 mi ) , [ note 2 ] [ note 1 ] with an average discharge of about 2,900 m3/s ( 100,000 cu ft/s ) . <SEP> how long
the variant forms of the name of the rhine in modern languages are all derived from the gaulish name rēnos , which was adapted in roman-era geography ( 1st century bc ) as greek ῥῆνος ( rhēnos ) , latin rhenus . <SEP> where
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) . <SEP> what
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) . <SEP> what
the variant forms of the name of the rhine in modern languages are all derived from the gaulish name rēnos , which was adapted in roman-era geography ( 1st century bc ) as greek ῥῆνος ( rhēnos ) , latin rhenus . <SEP> what century
the variant forms of the name of the rhine in modern languages are all derived from the gaulish name rēnos , which was adapted in roman-era geography ( 1st century bc ) as greek ῥῆνος ( rhēnos ) , latin rhenus . <SEP> what
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) . <SEP> what
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) . <SEP> what
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) . <SEP> what
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) . <SEP> how
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) . <SEP> what
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) . <SEP> when
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) . <SEP> where
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) . <SEP> where
the river length is significantly shortened from the river 's natural course due to number of canalisation projects completed in the 19th and 20th century . <SEP> what
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) . <SEP> what
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) . <SEP> when
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) . <SEP> where
the river length is significantly shortened from the river 's natural course due to number of canalisation projects completed in the 19th and 20th century . <SEP> why
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) . <SEP> where
the river makes a distinctive turn to the north near chur . <SEP> which direction
this section is nearly 86 km long , and descends from a height of 599 m to 396 m. it flows through a wide glacial alpine valley known as the rhine valley ( german : rheintal ) . <SEP> how long
this section is nearly 86 km long , and descends from a height of 599 m to 396 m. it flows through a wide glacial alpine valley known as the rhine valley ( german : rheintal ) . <SEP> what
near sargans a natural dam , only a few metres high , prevents it from flowing into the open seeztal valley and then through lake walen and lake zurich into the river aare . <SEP> what
the alpine rhine begins in the most western part of the swiss canton of graubünden , and later forms the border between switzerland to the west and liechtenstein and later austria to the east . <SEP> what
the river makes a distinctive turn to the north near chur . <SEP> where
this section is nearly 86 km long , and descends from a height of 599 m to 396 m. it flows through a wide glacial alpine valley known as the rhine valley ( german : rheintal ) . <SEP> how long
this section is nearly 86 km long , and descends from a height of 599 m to 396 m. it flows through a wide glacial alpine valley known as the rhine valley ( german : rheintal ) . <SEP> what
this section is nearly 86 km long , and descends from a height of 599 m to 396 m. it flows through a wide glacial alpine valley known as the rhine valley ( german : rheintal ) . <SEP> what
the mouth of the rhine into lake constance forms an inland delta . <SEP> which lake
the delta is delimited in the west by the alter rhein ( " old rhine " ) and in the east by a modern canalized section . <SEP> what
the delta is delimited in the west by the alter rhein ( " old rhine " ) and in the east by a modern canalized section . <SEP> what
in the local alemannic dialect , the singular is pronounced " isel " and this is also the local pronunciation of esel ( " donkey " ) . <SEP> what
the mouth of the rhine into lake constance forms an inland delta . <SEP> with what lake
the delta is delimited in the west by the alter rhein ( " old rhine " ) and in the east by a modern canalized section . <SEP> what
the delta is delimited in the west by the alter rhein ( " old rhine " ) and in the east by a modern canalized section . <SEP> what
the natural rhine originally branched into at least two arms and formed small islands by precipitating sediments . <SEP> what
in the local alemannic dialect , the singular is pronounced " isel " and this is also the local pronunciation of esel ( " donkey " ) . <SEP> what
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta . <SEP> where
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta . <SEP> what
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta . <SEP> why else
the dornbirner ach had to be diverted , too , and it now flows parallel to the canalized rhine into the lake . <SEP> where
it is expected that the continuous input of sediment into the lake will silt up the lake . <SEP> what
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta . <SEP> where
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta . <SEP> why
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta . <SEP> where
the dornbirner ach had to be diverted , too , and it now flows parallel to the canalized rhine into the lake . <SEP> what
it is expected that the continuous input of sediment into the lake will silt up the lake . <SEP> what
lake constance consists of three bodies of water : the obersee ( " upper lake " ) , the untersee ( " lower lake " ) , and a connecting stretch of the rhine , called the seerhein ( " lake rhine " ) . <SEP> how many bodies of water
lake constance consists of three bodies of water : the obersee ( " upper lake " ) , the untersee ( " lower lake " ) , and a connecting stretch of the rhine , called the seerhein ( " lake rhine " ) . <SEP> what
lake constance consists of three bodies of water : the obersee ( " upper lake " ) , the untersee ( " lower lake " ) , and a connecting stretch of the rhine , called the seerhein ( " lake rhine " ) . <SEP> what lake
the rhine flows into it from the south following the swiss-austrian border . <SEP> which border
lake constance consists of three bodies of water : the obersee ( " upper lake " ) , the untersee ( " lower lake " ) , and a connecting stretch of the rhine , called the seerhein ( " lake rhine " ) . <SEP> what
lake constance consists of three bodies of water : the obersee ( " upper lake " ) , the untersee ( " lower lake " ) , and a connecting stretch of the rhine , called the seerhein ( " lake rhine " ) . <SEP> how many bodies of water
the lake is situated in germany , switzerland and austria near the alps . <SEP> where else
the lake is situated in germany , switzerland and austria near the alps . <SEP> what mountainous region
but then , at the so-called rheinbrech , the rhine water abruptly falls into the depths because of the greater density of cold water . <SEP> why
a small fraction of the flow is diverted off the island of mainau into lake überlingen . <SEP> what lake in a german island mainau
but then , at the so-called rheinbrech , the rhine water abruptly falls into the depths because of the greater density of cold water . <SEP> where
depending on the water level , this flow of the rhine water is clearly visible along the entire length of the lake . <SEP> how much of the lake connecting with the rhine
the flow reappears on the surface at the northern ( german ) shore of the lake , off the island of lindau . <SEP> what
but then , at the so-called rheinbrech , the rhine water abruptly falls into the depths because of the greater density of cold water . <SEP> where
the flow reappears on the surface at the northern ( german ) shore of the lake , off the island of lindau . <SEP> what island
a small fraction of the flow is diverted off the island of mainau into lake überlingen . <SEP> to what other lake
most of the water flows via the constance hopper into the rheinrinne ( " rhine gutter " ) and seerhein . <SEP> what
depending on the water level , this flow of the rhine water is clearly visible along the entire length of the lake . <SEP> what
the rhine emerges from lake constance , flows generally westward , as the hochrhein , passes the rhine falls , and is joined by its major tributary , the river aare . <SEP> what direction
the rhine emerges from lake constance , flows generally westward , as the hochrhein , passes the rhine falls , and is joined by its major tributary , the river aare . <SEP> what
the aare more than doubles the rhine 's water discharge , to an average of nearly 1,000 m3/s ( 35,000 cu ft/s ) , and provides more than a fifth of the discharge at the dutch border . <SEP> how much water
the aare also contains the waters from the 4,274 m ( 14,022 ft ) summit of finsteraarhorn , the highest point of the rhine basin . <SEP> where
the rhine roughly forms the german-swiss border from lake constance with the exceptions of the canton of schaffhausen and parts of the cantons of zürich and basel-stadt , until it turns north at the so-called rhine knee at basel , leaving switzerland . <SEP> where
the rhine emerges from lake constance , flows generally westward , as the hochrhein , passes the rhine falls , and is joined by its major tributary , the river aare . <SEP> when
the rhine emerges from lake constance , flows generally westward , as the hochrhein , passes the rhine falls , and is joined by its major tributary , the river aare . <SEP> what
the aare also contains the waters from the 4,274 m ( 14,022 ft ) summit of finsteraarhorn , the highest point of the rhine basin . <SEP> what
the rhine roughly forms the german-swiss border from lake constance with the exceptions of the canton of schaffhausen and parts of the cantons of zürich and basel-stadt , until it turns north at the so-called rhine knee at basel , leaving switzerland . <SEP> what other country
in the centre of basel , the first major city in the course of the stream , is located the " rhine knee " ; this is a major bend , where the overall direction of the rhine changes from west to north . <SEP> what
in the centre of basel , the first major city in the course of the stream , is located the " rhine knee " ; this is a major bend , where the overall direction of the rhine changes from west to north . <SEP> what
legally , the central bridge is the boundary between high and upper rhine . <SEP> what
the river now flows north as upper rhine through the upper rhine plain , which is about 300 km long and up to 40 km wide . <SEP> how long
the river now flows north as upper rhine through the upper rhine plain , which is about 300 km long and up to 40 km wide . <SEP> how wide
in the centre of basel , the first major city in the course of the stream , is located the " rhine knee " ; this is a major bend , where the overall direction of the rhine changes from west to north . <SEP> what
in the centre of basel , the first major city in the course of the stream , is located the " rhine knee " ; this is a major bend , where the overall direction of the rhine changes from west to north . <SEP> what
here the high rhine ends . <SEP> what ends at this bend
legally , the central bridge is the boundary between high and upper rhine . <SEP> what
the upper rhine region was changed significantly by a rhine straightening program in the 19th century . <SEP> which century
the rate of flow was increased and the ground water level fell significantly . <SEP> what
the rate of flow was increased and the ground water level fell significantly . <SEP> what
on the french side , the grand canal d'alsace was dug , which carries a significant part of the river water , and all of the traffic . <SEP> which canal
in some places , there are large compensation pools , for example the huge bassin de compensation de plobsheim in alsace . <SEP> what
the upper rhine region was changed significantly by a rhine straightening program in the 19th century . <SEP> what region of the rhine
the upper rhine region was changed significantly by a rhine straightening program in the 19th century . <SEP> when
the rate of flow was increased and the ground water level fell significantly . <SEP> what
the rate of flow was increased and the ground water level fell significantly . <SEP> what
on the french side , the grand canal d'alsace was dug , which carries a significant part of the river water , and all of the traffic . <SEP> what
the rhine is the longest river in germany . <SEP> where
it is here that the rhine encounters some more of its main tributaries , such as the neckar , the main and , later , the moselle , which contributes an average discharge of more than 300 m3/s ( 11,000 cu ft/s ) . <SEP> what
the rhine is the longest river in germany . <SEP> what
most of luxembourg and a very small part of belgium also drain to the rhine via the moselle . <SEP> what
as it approaches the dutch border , the rhine has an annual mean discharge of 2,290 m3/s ( 81,000 cu ft/s ) and an average width of 400 m ( 1,300 ft ) . <SEP> what
the rhine is the longest river in germany . <SEP> in what country
the rhine is the longest river in germany . <SEP> which country
it is here that the rhine encounters some more of its main tributaries , such as the neckar , the main and , later , the moselle , which contributes an average discharge of more than 300 m3/s ( 11,000 cu ft/s ) . <SEP> which of the tributaries in germany
northeastern france drains to the rhine via the moselle ; smaller rivers drain the vosges and jura mountains uplands . <SEP> what country
as it approaches the dutch border , the rhine has an annual mean discharge of 2,290 m3/s ( 81,000 cu ft/s ) and an average width of 400 m ( 1,300 ft ) . <SEP> how much
between bingen and bonn , the middle rhine flows through the rhine gorge , a formation which was created by erosion . <SEP> what flows between the bingen and bonn
between bingen and bonn , the middle rhine flows through the rhine gorge , a formation which was created by erosion . <SEP> what gorge
between bingen and bonn , the middle rhine flows through the rhine gorge , a formation which was created by erosion . <SEP> how
it is a unesco world heritage site ( 2002 ) and known as " the romantic rhine " , with more than 40 castles and fortresses from the middle ages and many quaint and lovely country villages . <SEP> what
between bingen and bonn , the middle rhine flows through the rhine gorge , a formation which was created by erosion . <SEP> what flows between bingen and bonn
between bingen and bonn , the middle rhine flows through the rhine gorge , a formation which was created by erosion . <SEP> where
the gorge is quite deep and is the stretch of the river which is known for its many castles and vineyards . <SEP> what
it is a unesco world heritage site ( 2002 ) and known as " the romantic rhine " , with more than 40 castles and fortresses from the middle ages and many quaint and lovely country villages . <SEP> what
although many plants and factories can be found along the rhine up into switzerland , it is along the lower rhine that the bulk of them are concentrated , as the river passes the major cities of cologne , düsseldorf and duisburg . <SEP> what
duisburg is the home of europe 's largest inland port and functions as a hub to the sea ports of rotterdam , antwerp and amsterdam . <SEP> what
the ruhr , which joins the rhine in duisburg , is nowadays a clean river , thanks to a combination of stricter environmental controls , a transition from heavy industry to light industry and cleanup measures , such as the reforestation of slag and brownfields . <SEP> what rive
the ruhr currently provides the region with drinking water . <SEP> what
although many plants and factories can be found along the rhine up into switzerland , it is along the lower rhine that the bulk of them are concentrated , as the river passes the major cities of cologne , düsseldorf and duisburg . <SEP> where
until the early 1980s , industry was a major source of water pollution . <SEP> what
although many plants and factories can be found along the rhine up into switzerland , it is along the lower rhine that the bulk of them are concentrated , as the river passes the major cities of cologne , düsseldorf and duisburg . <SEP> which section of the rhine
although many plants and factories can be found along the rhine up into switzerland , it is along the lower rhine that the bulk of them are concentrated , as the river passes the major cities of cologne , düsseldorf and duisburg . <SEP> what country
duisburg is the home of europe 's largest inland port and functions as a hub to the sea ports of rotterdam , antwerp and amsterdam . <SEP> what city
the ruhr , which joins the rhine in duisburg , is nowadays a clean river , thanks to a combination of stricter environmental controls , a transition from heavy industry to light industry and cleanup measures , such as the reforestation of slag and brownfields . <SEP> which river
the dominant economic sectors in the middle rhine area are viniculture and tourism . <SEP> what
near sankt goarshausen , the rhine flows around the famous rock lorelei . <SEP> what
with its outstanding architectural monuments , the slopes full of vines , settlements crowded on the narrow river banks and scores of castles lined up along the top of the steep slopes , the middle rhine valley can be considered the epitome of the rhine romanticism . <SEP> what
the dominant economic sectors in the middle rhine area are viniculture and tourism . <SEP> what
the rhine gorge between rüdesheim am rhein and koblenz is listed as a unesco world heritage site . <SEP> what
the rhine gorge between rüdesheim am rhein and koblenz is listed as a unesco world heritage site . <SEP> what
near sankt goarshausen , the rhine flows around the famous rock lorelei . <SEP> what
near sankt goarshausen , the rhine flows around the famous rock lorelei . <SEP> where
one of the most important cities in this region is duisburg with the largest river port in europe ( duisport ) . <SEP> what city
in wesel , 30 km downstream of duisburg , is located the western end of the second east-west shipping route , the wesel-datteln canal , which runs parallel to the lippe . <SEP> what
in wesel , 30 km downstream of duisburg , is located the western end of the second east-west shipping route , the wesel-datteln canal , which runs parallel to the lippe . <SEP> what
between emmerich and cleves the emmerich rhine bridge , the longest suspension bridge in germany , crosses the 400 m wide river . <SEP> what
between emmerich and cleves the emmerich rhine bridge , the longest suspension bridge in germany , crosses the 400 m wide river . <SEP> how wide
the lower rhine flows through north rhine-westphalia . <SEP> what part of the rhine
here the rhine flows through the largest conurbation in germany , the rhine-ruhr region . <SEP> what
one of the most important cities in this region is duisburg with the largest river port in europe ( duisport ) . <SEP> what
between emmerich and cleves the emmerich rhine bridge , the longest suspension bridge in germany , crosses the 400 m wide river . <SEP> what
between emmerich and cleves the emmerich rhine bridge , the longest suspension bridge in germany , crosses the 400 m wide river . <SEP> how wide
two thirds of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther west , through the waal and then , via the merwede and nieuwe merwede ( de biesbosch ) , merging with the meuse , through the hollands diep and haringvliet estuaries , into the north sea . <SEP> what
from here , the situation becomes more complicated , as the dutch name rijn no longer coincides with the main flow of water . <SEP> what
two thirds of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther west , through the waal and then , via the merwede and nieuwe merwede ( de biesbosch ) , merging with the meuse , through the hollands diep and haringvliet estuaries , into the north sea . <SEP> how much of the water flow
two thirds of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther west , through the waal and then , via the merwede and nieuwe merwede ( de biesbosch ) , merging with the meuse , through the hollands diep and haringvliet estuaries , into the north sea . <SEP> which direction
two thirds of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther west , through the waal and then , via the merwede and nieuwe merwede ( de biesbosch ) , merging with the meuse , through the hollands diep and haringvliet estuaries , into the north sea . <SEP> where
two thirds of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther west , through the waal and then , via the merwede and nieuwe merwede ( de biesbosch ) , merging with the meuse , through the hollands diep and haringvliet estuaries , into the north sea . <SEP> what
the oude maas branches off , near dordrecht , farther down rejoining the nieuwe maas to form het scheur . <SEP> what
the other third of the water flows through the pannerdens kanaal and redistributes in the ijssel and nederrijn . <SEP> where
the other third of the water flows through the pannerdens kanaal and redistributes in the ijssel and nederrijn . <SEP> what
however , at wijk bij duurstede , the nederrijn changes its name and becomes the lek . <SEP> what
it flows farther west , to rejoin the noord river into the nieuwe maas and to the north sea . <SEP> where
the other third of the water flows through the pannerdens kanaal and redistributes in the ijssel and nederrijn . <SEP> where
the other third of the water flows through the pannerdens kanaal and redistributes in the ijssel and nederrijn . <SEP> where
the ijssel branch carries one ninth of the water flow of the rhine north into the ijsselmeer ( a former bay ) , while the nederrijn carries approximately two ninths of the flow west along a route parallel to the waal . <SEP> how much of the rhine flow
however , at wijk bij duurstede , the nederrijn changes its name and becomes the lek . <SEP> what
however , at wijk bij duurstede , the nederrijn changes its name and becomes the lek . <SEP> where
the name rijn , from here on , is used only for smaller streams farther to the north , which together formed the main river rhine in roman times . <SEP> what
though they retained the name , these streams no longer carry water from the rhine , but are used for draining the surrounding land and polders . <SEP> for what
from wijk bij duurstede , the old north branch of the rhine is called kromme rijn ( " bent rhine " ) past utrecht , first leidse rijn ( " rhine of leiden " ) and then , oude rijn ( " old rhine " ) . <SEP> what
from wijk bij duurstede , the old north branch of the rhine is called kromme rijn ( " bent rhine " ) past utrecht , first leidse rijn ( " rhine of leiden " ) and then , oude rijn ( " old rhine " ) . <SEP> what
from wijk bij duurstede , the old north branch of the rhine is called kromme rijn ( " bent rhine " ) past utrecht , first leidse rijn ( " rhine of leiden " ) and then , oude rijn ( " old rhine " ) . <SEP> what part of the rhine
the rhine-meuse delta , the most important natural region of the netherlands begins near millingen aan de rijn , close to the dutch-german border with the division of the rhine into waal and nederrijn . <SEP> what
the rhine-meuse delta , the most important natural region of the netherlands begins near millingen aan de rijn , close to the dutch-german border with the division of the rhine into waal and nederrijn . <SEP> where
since the rhine contributes most of the water , the shorter term rhine delta is commonly used . <SEP> what
the shape of the rhine delta is determined by two bifurcations : first , at millingen aan de rijn , the rhine splits into waal and pannerdens kanaal , which changes its name to nederrijn at angeren , and second near arnhem , the ijssel branches off from the nederrijn . <SEP> where
this creates three main flows , two of which change names rather often . <SEP> how many main flows
the largest and southern main branch begins as waal and continues as boven merwede ( " upper merwede " ) , beneden merwede ( " lower merwede " ) , noord river ( " north river " ) , nieuwe maas ( " new meuse " ) , het scheur ( " the rip " ) and nieuwe waterweg ( " new waterway " ) . <SEP> what
three more flows carry significant amounts of water : the nieuwe merwede ( " new merwede " ) , which branches off from the southern branch where it changes from boven to beneden merwede ; the oude maas ( " old meuse " ) , which branches off from the southern branch where it changes from beneden merwede into noord , and dordtse kil , which branches off from oude maas . <SEP> what
the largest and southern main branch begins as waal and continues as boven merwede ( " upper merwede " ) , beneden merwede ( " lower merwede " ) , noord river ( " north river " ) , nieuwe maas ( " new meuse " ) , het scheur ( " the rip " ) and nieuwe waterweg ( " new waterway " ) . <SEP> what
before the st. elizabeth 's flood ( 1421 ) , the meuse flowed just south of today 's line merwede-oude maas to the north sea and formed an archipelago-like estuary with waal and lek . <SEP> what flood
before the st. elizabeth 's flood ( 1421 ) , the meuse flowed just south of today 's line merwede-oude maas to the north sea and formed an archipelago-like estuary with waal and lek . <SEP> what year
before the st. elizabeth 's flood ( 1421 ) , the meuse flowed just south of today 's line merwede-oude maas to the north sea and formed an archipelago-like estuary with waal and lek . <SEP> where
from 1421 to 1904 , the meuse and waal merged further upstream at gorinchem to form merwede . <SEP> when
before the st. elizabeth 's flood ( 1421 ) , the meuse flowed just south of today 's line merwede-oude maas to the north sea and formed an archipelago-like estuary with waal and lek . <SEP> what
many rivers have been closed ( " dammed " ) and now serve as drainage channels for the numerous polders . <SEP> what
the construction of delta works changed the delta in the second half of the 20th century fundamentally . <SEP> what
many rivers have been closed ( " dammed " ) and now serve as drainage channels for the numerous polders . <SEP> what
the construction of delta works changed the delta in the second half of the 20th century fundamentally . <SEP> when
the rhine-meuse delta is a tidal delta , shaped not only by the sedimentation of the rivers , but also by tidal currents . <SEP> what type of delta
the rhine-meuse delta is a tidal delta , shaped not only by the sedimentation of the rivers , but also by tidal currents . <SEP> besides rivers , what
this meant that high tide formed a serious risk because strong tidal currents could tear huge areas of land into the sea . <SEP> what
at the waal , for example , the most landward tidal influence can be detected between brakel and zaltbommel . <SEP> what other city
the present mediterranean sea descends from this somewhat larger tethys sea . <SEP> what sea
at about 180 mbp , in the jurassic period , the two plates reversed direction and began to compress the tethys floor , causing it to be subducted under eurasia and pushing up the edge of the latter plate in the alpine orogeny of the oligocene and miocene periods . <SEP> what period
in southern europe , the stage was set in the triassic period of the mesozoic era , with the opening of the tethys ocean , between the eurasian and african tectonic plates , between about 240 mbp and 220 mbp ( million years before present ) . <SEP> what period
several microplates were caught in the squeeze and rotated or were pushed laterally , generating the individual features of mediterranean geography : iberia pushed up the pyrenees ; italy , the alps , and anatolia , moving west , the mountains of greece and the islands . <SEP> what
from the eocene onwards , the ongoing alpine orogeny caused a n–s rift system to develop in this zone . <SEP> what rift system
the main elements of this rift are the upper rhine graben , in southwest germany and eastern france and the lower rhine embayment , in northwest germany and the southeastern netherlands . <SEP> what
by the time of the miocene , a river system had developed in the upper rhine graben , that continued northward and is considered the first rhine river . <SEP> what time
at that time , it did not yet carry discharge from the alps ; instead , the watersheds of the rhone and danube drained the northern flanks of the alps . <SEP> what other river
through stream capture , the rhine extended its watershed southward . <SEP> how
by the pliocene period , the rhine had captured streams down to the vosges mountains , including the mosel , the main and the neckar . <SEP> what period
by the pliocene period , the rhine had captured streams down to the vosges mountains , including the mosel , the main and the neckar . <SEP> where
around 2.5 million years ago ( ending 11,600 years ago ) was the geological period of the ice ages . <SEP> what period
since approximately 600,000 years ago , six major ice ages have occurred , in which sea level dropped 120 m ( 390 ft ) and much of the continental margins became exposed . <SEP> how many major ice ages
since approximately 600,000 years ago , six major ice ages have occurred , in which sea level dropped 120 m ( 390 ft ) and much of the continental margins became exposed . <SEP> how far
in the early pleistocene , the rhine followed a course to the northwest , through the present north sea . <SEP> in early pleistocene , what direction
since then , during glacial times , the river mouth was located offshore of brest , france and rivers , like the thames and the seine , became tributaries to the rhine . <SEP> where
the last glacial ran from ~74,000 ( bp = before present ) , until the end of the pleistocene ( ~11,600 bp ) . <SEP> when
the last glacial ran from ~74,000 ( bp = before present ) , until the end of the pleistocene ( ~11,600 bp ) . <SEP> when
during this time , the lower rhine flowed roughly west through the netherlands and extended to the southwest , through the english channel and finally , to the atlantic ocean . <SEP> which direction
the english channel , the irish channel and most of the north sea were dry land , mainly because sea level was approximately 120 m ( 390 ft ) lower than today . <SEP> how much lower
the english channel , the irish channel and most of the north sea were dry land , mainly because sea level was approximately 120 m ( 390 ft ) lower than today . <SEP> what else
most of the rhine 's current course was not under the ice during the last ice age ; although , its source must still have been a glacier . <SEP> what
a tundra , with ice age flora and fauna , stretched across middle europe , from asia to the atlantic ocean . <SEP> what
such was the case during the last glacial maximum , ca . 22,000–14,000 yr bp , when ice-sheets covered scandinavia , the baltics , scotland and the alps , but left the space between as open tundra . <SEP> when
the loess or wind-blown dust over that tundra , settled in and around the rhine valley , contributing to its current agricultural usefulness . <SEP> what
as northwest europe slowly began to warm up from 22,000 years ago onward , frozen subsoil and expanded alpine glaciers began to thaw and fall-winter snow covers melted in spring . <SEP> when
as northwest europe slowly began to warm up from 22,000 years ago onward , frozen subsoil and expanded alpine glaciers began to thaw and fall-winter snow covers melted in spring . <SEP> what
much of the discharge was routed to the rhine and its downstream extension . <SEP> where
rapid warming and changes of vegetation , to open forest , began about 13,000 bp . <SEP> when
by 9000 bp , europe was fully forested . <SEP> when
since 7500 yr ago , a situation with tides and currents , very similar to present has existed . <SEP> when
rates of sea-level rise had dropped so far , that natural sedimentation by the rhine and coastal processes together , could compensate the transgression by the sea ; in the last 7000 years , the coast line was roughly at the same location . <SEP> why
rates of sea-level rise had dropped so far , that natural sedimentation by the rhine and coastal processes together , could compensate the transgression by the sea ; in the last 7000 years , the coast line was roughly at the same location . <SEP> how long
in the southern north sea , due to ongoing tectonic subsidence , the sea level is still rising , at the rate of about 1–3 cm ( 0.39–1.18 in ) per century ( 1 metre or 39 inches in last 3000 years ) . <SEP> why
in the southern north sea , due to ongoing tectonic subsidence , the sea level is still rising , at the rate of about 1–3 cm ( 0.39–1.18 in ) per century ( 1 metre or 39 inches in last 3000 years ) . <SEP> how quickly
at the begin of the holocene ( ~11,700 years ago ) , the rhine occupied its late-glacial valley . <SEP> when
as sea-level continued to rise in the netherlands , the formation of the holocene rhine-meuse delta began ( ~8,000 years ago ) . <SEP> when
at the begin of the holocene ( ~11,700 years ago ) , the rhine occupied its late-glacial valley . <SEP> where
as sea-level continued to rise in the netherlands , the formation of the holocene rhine-meuse delta began ( ~8,000 years ago ) . <SEP> what country
since ~3000 yr bp ( = years before present ) , human impact is seen in the delta . <SEP> when
this caused increased flooding and sedimentation , ending peat formation in the delta . <SEP> what
as a result of increasing land clearance ( bronze age agriculture ) , in the upland areas ( central germany ) , the sediment load of the rhine has strongly increased and delta growth has sped up . <SEP> what
this was followed by embankment , of the major distributaries and damming of minor distributaries , which took place in the 11–13th century ad . <SEP> when
over the past 6000 years , approximately 80 avulsions have occurred . <SEP> how many
at present , the branches waal and nederrijn-lek discharge to the north sea , through the former meuse estuary , near rotterdam . <SEP> where
at present , the branches waal and nederrijn-lek discharge to the north sea , through the former meuse estuary , near rotterdam . <SEP> what
the river ijssel branch flows to the north and enters the ijsselmeer , formerly the zuider zee brackish lagoon ; however , since 1932 , a freshwater lake . <SEP> where
the river ijssel branch flows to the north and enters the ijsselmeer , formerly the zuider zee brackish lagoon ; however , since 1932 , a freshwater lake . <SEP> what
the discharge of the rhine is divided among three branches : the river waal ( 6/9 of total discharge ) , the river nederrijn – lek ( 2/9 of total discharge ) and the river ijssel ( 1/9 of total discharge ) . <SEP> how many branches
the rhine was not known to herodotus and first enters the historical period in the 1st century bc in roman-era geography . <SEP> when
the upper rhine had been part of the areal of the late hallstatt culture since the 6th century bc , and by the 1st century bc , the areal of the la tène culture covered almost its entire length , forming a contact zone with the jastorf culture , i.e . the locus of early celtic-germanic cultural contact . <SEP> since when
in roman geography , the rhine formed the boundary between gallia and germania by definition ; e.g . maurus servius honoratus , commentary on the aeneid of vergil ( 8.727 ) ( rhenus ) fluvius galliae , qui germanos a gallia dividit " ( the rhine is a ) river of gaul , which divides the germanic people from gaul . " <SEP> who
from the death of augustus in ad 14 until after ad 70 , rome accepted as her germanic frontier the water-boundary of the rhine and upper danube . <SEP> when
from the death of augustus in ad 14 until after ad 70 , rome accepted as her germanic frontier the water-boundary of the rhine and upper danube . <SEP> what other river
the northern section of this frontier , where the rhine is deep and broad , remained the roman boundary until the empire fell . <SEP> when
the germanic populations of these lands seem in roman times to have been scanty , and roman subjects from the modern alsace-lorraine had drifted across the river eastwards . <SEP> which direction
the romans kept eight legions in five bases along the rhine . <SEP> how many legions in five bases
between about ad 14 and 180 , the assignment of legions was as follows : for the army of germania inferior , two legions at vetera ( xanten ) , i germanica and xx valeria ( pannonian troops ) ; two legions at oppidum ubiorum ( " town of the ubii " ) , which was renamed to colonia agrippina , descending to cologne , v alaudae , a celtic legion recruited from gallia narbonensis and xxi , possibly a galatian legion from the other side of the empire . <SEP> what
the actual number of legions present at any base or in all , depended on whether a state or threat of war existed . <SEP> what
between about ad 14 and 180 , the assignment of legions was as follows : for the army of germania inferior , two legions at vetera ( xanten ) , i germanica and xx valeria ( pannonian troops ) ; two legions at oppidum ubiorum ( " town of the ubii " ) , which was renamed to colonia agrippina , descending to cologne , v alaudae , a celtic legion recruited from gallia narbonensis and xxi , possibly a galatian legion from the other side of the empire . <SEP> what
germanic tribes crossed the rhine in the migration period , by the 5th century establishing the kingdoms of francia on the lower rhine , burgundy on the upper rhine and alemannia on the high rhine . <SEP> when
germanic tribes crossed the rhine in the migration period , by the 5th century establishing the kingdoms of francia on the lower rhine , burgundy on the upper rhine and alemannia on the high rhine . <SEP> what
this " germanic heroic age " is reflected in medieval legend , such as the nibelungenlied which tells of the hero siegfried killing a dragon on the drachenfels ( siebengebirge ) ( " dragons rock " ) , near bonn at the rhine and of the burgundians and their court at worms , at the rhine and kriemhild 's golden treasure , which was thrown into the rhine by hagen . <SEP> what
this " germanic heroic age " is reflected in medieval legend , such as the nibelungenlied which tells of the hero siegfried killing a dragon on the drachenfels ( siebengebirge ) ( " dragons rock " ) , near bonn at the rhine and of the burgundians and their court at worms , at the rhine and kriemhild 's golden treasure , which was thrown into the rhine by hagen . <SEP> who
this " germanic heroic age " is reflected in medieval legend , such as the nibelungenlied which tells of the hero siegfried killing a dragon on the drachenfels ( siebengebirge ) ( " dragons rock " ) , near bonn at the rhine and of the burgundians and their court at worms , at the rhine and kriemhild 's golden treasure , which was thrown into the rhine by hagen . <SEP> who
by the 6th century , the rhine was within the borders of francia . <SEP> when
in the 9th , it formed part of the border between middle and western francia , but in the 10th century , it was fully within the holy roman empire , flowing through swabia , franconia and lower lorraine . <SEP> when
the alsace on the left banks of the upper rhine was sold to burgundy by archduke sigismund of austria in 1469 and eventually fell to france in the thirty years ' war . <SEP> who
the alsace on the left banks of the upper rhine was sold to burgundy by archduke sigismund of austria in 1469 and eventually fell to france in the thirty years ' war . <SEP> when
since the peace of westphalia , the upper rhine formed a contentious border between france and germany . <SEP> what
establishing " natural borders " on the rhine was a long-term goal of french foreign policy , since the middle ages , though the language border was – and is – far more to the west . <SEP> what
the confederation of the rhine was established by napoleon , as a french client state , in 1806 and lasted until 1814 , during which time it served as a significant source of resources and military manpower for the first french empire . <SEP> who
the confederation of the rhine was established by napoleon , as a french client state , in 1806 and lasted until 1814 , during which time it served as a significant source of resources and military manpower for the first french empire . <SEP> when
in 1840 , the rhine crisis , prompted by french prime minister adolphe thiers 's desire to reinstate the rhine as a natural border , led to a diplomatic crisis and a wave of nationalism in germany . <SEP> when
at the end of world war i , the rhineland was subject to the treaty of versailles . <SEP> when
this decreed that it would be occupied by the allies , until 1935 and after that , it would be a demilitarised zone , with the german army forbidden to enter . <SEP> when
this decreed that it would be occupied by the allies , until 1935 and after that , it would be a demilitarised zone , with the german army forbidden to enter . <SEP> who
the treaty of versailles and this particular provision , in general , caused much resentment in germany and is often cited as helping adolf hitler 's rise to power . <SEP> what
the allies left the rhineland , in 1930 and the german army re-occupied it in 1936 , which was enormously popular in germany . <SEP> when
the rhine bridge at arnhem , immortalized in the book , a bridge too far and the film , was a central focus of the battle for arnhem , during the failed operation market garden of september 1944 . <SEP> where
in world war ii , it was recognised that the rhine would present a formidable natural obstacle to the invasion of germany , by the western allies . <SEP> what
the rhine bridge at arnhem , immortalized in the book , a bridge too far and the film , was a central focus of the battle for arnhem , during the failed operation market garden of september 1944 . <SEP> when
in a separate operation , the ludendorff bridge , crossing the rhine at remagen , became famous , when u.s. forces were able to capture it intact – much to their own surprise – after the germans failed to demolish it . <SEP> what bridge
seven days to the river rhine was a warsaw pact war plan for an invasion of western europe during the cold war . <SEP> what
until 1932 the generally accepted length of the rhine was 1,230 kilometres ( 764 miles ) . <SEP> what
in 1932 the german encyclopedia knaurs lexikon stated the length as 1,320 kilometres ( 820 miles ) , presumably a typographical error . <SEP> who
in 1932 the german encyclopedia knaurs lexikon stated the length as 1,320 kilometres ( 820 miles ) , presumably a typographical error . <SEP> what
following a referendum in 1997 , in which the scottish electorate voted for devolution , the current parliament was convened by the scotland act 1998 , which sets out its powers as a devolved legislature . <SEP> when
following a referendum in 1997 , in which the scottish electorate voted for devolution , the current parliament was convened by the scotland act 1998 , which sets out its powers as a devolved legislature . <SEP> what act
the act delineates the legislative competence of the parliament – the areas in which it can make laws – by explicitly specifying powers that are " reserved " to the parliament of the united kingdom . <SEP> what
the act delineates the legislative competence of the parliament – the areas in which it can make laws – by explicitly specifying powers that are " reserved " to the parliament of the united kingdom . <SEP> to what body
the scottish parliament has the power to legislate in all areas that are not explicitly reserved to westminster . <SEP> where
for the next three hundred years , scotland was directly governed by the parliament of great britain and the subsequent parliament of the united kingdom , both seated at westminster , and the lack of a parliament of scotland remained an important element in scottish national identity . <SEP> what
for the next three hundred years , scotland was directly governed by the parliament of great britain and the subsequent parliament of the united kingdom , both seated at westminster , and the lack of a parliament of scotland remained an important element in scottish national identity . <SEP> how many hundred of years
suggestions for a 'devolved ' parliament were made before 1914 , but were shelved due to the outbreak of the first world war . <SEP> why
a sharp rise in nationalism in scotland during the late 1960s fuelled demands for some form of home rule or complete independence , and in 1969 prompted the incumbent labour government of harold wilson to set up the kilbrandon commission to consider the british constitution . <SEP> when
kilbrandon published his report in 1973 recommending the establishment of a directly elected scottish assembly to legislate for the majority of domestic scottish affairs . <SEP> what
during this time , the discovery of oil in the north sea and the following " it 's scotland 's oil " campaign of the scottish national party ( snp ) resulted in rising support for scottish independence , as well as the snp . <SEP> which sea
during this time , the discovery of oil in the north sea and the following " it 's scotland 's oil " campaign of the scottish national party ( snp ) resulted in rising support for scottish independence , as well as the snp . <SEP> what campaigh
the combined effect of these events led to prime minister wilson committing his government to some form of devolved legislature in 1974 . <SEP> when
the party argued that the revenues from the oil were not benefitting scotland as much as they should . <SEP> what
however , it was not until 1978 that final legislative proposals for a scottish assembly were passed by the united kingdom parliament . <SEP> when
under the terms of the scotland act 1978 , an elected assembly would be set up in edinburgh provided that the majority of the scottish electorate voted for it in a referendum to be held on 1 march 1979 that represented at least 40 % of the total electorate . <SEP> where
under the terms of the scotland act 1978 , an elected assembly would be set up in edinburgh provided that the majority of the scottish electorate voted for it in a referendum to be held on 1 march 1979 that represented at least 40 % of the total electorate . <SEP> how many of the scottish electorate
although the vote was 51.6 % in favour of a scottish assembly , this figure did not equal the 40 % of the total electorate threshold deemed necessary to pass the measure , as 32.9 % of the eligible voting population did not , or had been unable to , vote . <SEP> what percentage
the 1979 scottish devolution referendum to establish a devolved scottish assembly failed . <SEP> how
although the vote was 51.6 % in favour of a scottish assembly , this figure did not equal the 40 % of the total electorate threshold deemed necessary to pass the measure , as 32.9 % of the eligible voting population did not , or had been unable to , vote . <SEP> what percentage of scotland 's voting population
throughout the 1980s and 1990s , demand for a scottish parliament grew , in part because the government of the united kingdom was controlled by the conservative party , while scotland itself elected relatively few conservative mps . <SEP> what
throughout the 1980s and 1990s , demand for a scottish parliament grew , in part because the government of the united kingdom was controlled by the conservative party , while scotland itself elected relatively few conservative mps . <SEP> whose control of the uk 's government
in the aftermath of the 1979 referendum defeat , the campaign for a scottish assembly was initiated as a pressure group , leading to the 1989 scottish constitutional convention with various organisations such as scottish churches , political parties and representatives of industry taking part . <SEP> when
publishing its blueprint for devolution in 1995 , the convention provided much of the basis for the structure of the parliament . <SEP> what
since september 2004 , the official home of the scottish parliament has been a new scottish parliament building , in the holyrood area of edinburgh . <SEP> where
the scottish parliament building was designed by spanish architect enric miralles in partnership with local edinburgh architecture firm rmjm which was led by design principal tony kettle . <SEP> who
the scottish parliament building was designed by spanish architect enric miralles in partnership with local edinburgh architecture firm rmjm which was led by design principal tony kettle . <SEP> what nationality
some of the principal features of the complex include leaf-shaped buildings , a grass-roofed branch merging into adjacent parkland and gabion walls formed from the stones of previous buildings . <SEP> what shape
queen elizabeth ii opened the new building on 9 october 2004 . <SEP> who
this building was vacated twice to allow for the meeting of the church 's general assembly . <SEP> what
whilst the permanent building at holyrood was being constructed , the parliament 's temporary home was the general assembly hall of the church of scotland on the royal mile in edinburgh . <SEP> where
official photographs and television interviews were held in the courtyard adjoining the assembly hall , which is part of the school of divinity of the university of edinburgh . <SEP> where
in may 2000 , the parliament was temporarily relocated to the former strathclyde regional council debating chamber in glasgow , and to the university of aberdeen in may 2002 . <SEP> where
in may 2000 , the parliament was temporarily relocated to the former strathclyde regional council debating chamber in glasgow , and to the university of aberdeen in may 2002 . <SEP> where
in addition to the general assembly hall , the parliament also used buildings rented from the city of edinburgh council . <SEP> who
the former administrative building of lothian regional council on george iv bridge was used for the msp 's offices . <SEP> what former administrative building
following the move to holyrood in 2004 this building was demolished . <SEP> what
the former midlothian county buildings facing parliament square , high street and george iv bridge in edinburgh ( originally built as the headquarters of the pre-1975 midlothian county council ) housed the parliament 's visitors ' centre and shop , whilst the main hall was used as the parliament 's principal committee room . <SEP> what
the former midlothian county buildings facing parliament square , high street and george iv bridge in edinburgh ( originally built as the headquarters of the pre-1975 midlothian county council ) housed the parliament 's visitors ' centre and shop , whilst the main hall was used as the parliament 's principal committee room . <SEP> which hall
after each election to the scottish parliament , at the beginning of each parliamentary session , parliament elects one msp to serve as presiding officer , the equivalent of the speaker ( currently tricia marwick ) , and two msps to serve as deputies ( currently elaine smith and john scott ) . <SEP> who
after each election to the scottish parliament , at the beginning of each parliamentary session , parliament elects one msp to serve as presiding officer , the equivalent of the speaker ( currently tricia marwick ) , and two msps to serve as deputies ( currently elaine smith and john scott ) . <SEP> who
the presiding officer and deputies are elected by a secret ballot of the 129 msps , which is the only secret ballot conducted in the scottish parliament . <SEP> what type of ballot
the presiding officer and deputies are elected by a secret ballot of the 129 msps , which is the only secret ballot conducted in the scottish parliament . <SEP> how many msps
a vote clerk sits in front of the presiding officer and operates the electronic voting equipment and chamber clocks . <SEP> who
as a member of the scottish parliamentary corporate body , the presiding officer is responsible for ensuring that the parliament functions effectively and has the staff , property and resources it requires to operate . <SEP> who
convening the parliamentary bureau , which allocates time and sets the work agenda in the chamber , is another of the roles of the presiding officer . <SEP> who
under the standing orders of the parliament the bureau consists of the presiding officer and one representative from each political parties with five or more seats in the parliament . <SEP> how many seats
the presiding officer also represents the scottish parliament at home and abroad in an official capacity . <SEP> who
the debating chamber of the scottish parliament has seating arranged in a hemicycle , which reflects the desire to encourage consensus amongst elected members . <SEP> what
the debating chamber of the scottish parliament has seating arranged in a hemicycle , which reflects the desire to encourage consensus amongst elected members . <SEP> why
there are 131 seats in the debating chamber . <SEP> how many seats
of the total 131 seats , 129 are occupied by the parliament 's elected msps and 2 are seats for the scottish law officers – the lord advocate and the solicitor general for scotland , who are not elected members of the parliament but are members of the scottish government . <SEP> how many members in the seats of the scottish parliament
in front of the presiding officers ' desk is the parliamentary mace , which is made from silver and inlaid with gold panned from scottish rivers and inscribed with the words : wisdom , compassion , justice and integrity . <SEP> where
in front of the presiding officers ' desk is the parliamentary mace , which is made from silver and inlaid with gold panned from scottish rivers and inscribed with the words : wisdom , compassion , justice and integrity . <SEP> what
presented to the scottish parliament by the queen upon its official opening in july 1999 , the mace is displayed in a glass case suspended from the lid . <SEP> who
in front of the presiding officers ' desk is the parliamentary mace , which is made from silver and inlaid with gold panned from scottish rivers and inscribed with the words : wisdom , compassion , justice and integrity . <SEP> what words
presented to the scottish parliament by the queen upon its official opening in july 1999 , the mace is displayed in a glass case suspended from the lid . <SEP> what
parliament typically sits tuesdays , wednesdays and thursdays from early january to late june and from early september to mid december , with two-week recesses in april and october . <SEP> which month
plenary meetings in the debating chamber usually take place on wednesday afternoons from 2 pm to 6 pm and on thursdays from 9:15 am to 6 pm . <SEP> where
chamber debates and committee meetings are open to the public . <SEP> who
entry is free , but booking in advance is recommended due to limited space . <SEP> how much
proceedings are also recorded in text form , in print and online , in the official report , which is the substantially verbatim transcript of parliamentary debates . <SEP> what
the first item of business on wednesdays is usually time for reflection , at which a speaker addresses members for up to four minutes , sharing a perspective on issues of faith . <SEP> what day of the week
the first item of business on wednesdays is usually time for reflection , at which a speaker addresses members for up to four minutes , sharing a perspective on issues of faith . <SEP> how long
invitations to address parliament in this manner are determined by the presiding officer on the advice of the parliamentary bureau . <SEP> who
speakers are drawn from across scotland and are chosen to represent the balance of religious beliefs according to the scottish census . <SEP> what
faith groups can make direct representations to the presiding officer to nominate speakers . <SEP> what
the presiding officer ( or deputy presiding officer ) decides who speaks in chamber debates and the amount of time for which they are allowed to speak . <SEP> who
the presiding officer ( or deputy presiding officer ) decides who speaks in chamber debates and the amount of time for which they are allowed to speak . <SEP> what
normally , the presiding officer tries to achieve a balance between different viewpoints and political parties when selecting members to speak . <SEP> what
typically , ministers or party leaders open debates , with opening speakers given between 5 and 20 minutes , and succeeding speakers allocated less time . <SEP> what members
the scottish parliament has conducted debates in the gaelic language . <SEP> what language other than english
each sitting day , normally at 5 pm , msps decide on all the motions and amendments that have been moved that day . <SEP> what time
this " decision time " is heralded by the sounding of the division bell , which is heard throughout the parliamentary campus and alerts msps who are not in the chamber to return and vote . <SEP> what
this " decision time " is heralded by the sounding of the division bell , which is heard throughout the parliamentary campus and alerts msps who are not in the chamber to return and vote . <SEP> what
if there is audible dissent , the presiding officer announces " there will be a division " and members vote by means of electronic consoles on their desks . <SEP> how
as a result , the outcome of each division is known in seconds . <SEP> how long
the outcome of most votes can be predicted beforehand since political parties normally instruct members which way to vote . <SEP> what
the outcome of most votes can be predicted beforehand since political parties normally instruct members which way to vote . <SEP> who
parties entrust some msps , known as whips , with the task of ensuring that party members vote according to the party line . <SEP> who
this is typically done on moral issues . <SEP> what type of issues
errant members can be deselected as official party candidates during future elections , and , in serious cases , may be expelled from their parties outright . <SEP> what
immediately after decision time a " members debate " is held , which lasts for 45 minutes . <SEP> when
members business is a debate on a motion proposed by an msp who is not a scottish minister . <SEP> why
immediately after decision time a " members debate " is held , which lasts for 45 minutes . <SEP> how long
as well as the proposer , other members normally contribute to the debate . <SEP> who
the relevant minister , whose department the debate and motion relate to " winds up " the debate by speaking after all other participants . <SEP> what
much of the work of the scottish parliament is done in committee . <SEP> where
the role of committees is stronger in the scottish parliament than in other parliamentary systems , partly as a means of strengthening the role of backbenchers in their scrutiny of the government and partly to compensate for the fact that there is no revising chamber . <SEP> what
the role of committees is stronger in the scottish parliament than in other parliamentary systems , partly as a means of strengthening the role of backbenchers in their scrutiny of the government and partly to compensate for the fact that there is no revising chamber . <SEP> what
the principal role of committees in the scottish parliament is to take evidence from witnesses , conduct inquiries and scrutinise legislation . <SEP> what
committees can also meet at other locations throughout scotland . <SEP> where
committees comprise a small number of msps , with membership reflecting the balance of parties across parliament . <SEP> who
committees comprise a small number of msps , with membership reflecting the balance of parties across parliament . <SEP> what
there are different committees with their functions set out in different ways . <SEP> what
mandatory committees are committees which are set down under the scottish parliament 's standing orders , which govern their remits and proceedings . <SEP> what type of committee
the current mandatory committees in the fourth session of the scottish parliament are : public audit ; equal opportunities ; european and external relations ; finance ; public petitions ; standards , procedures and public appointments ; and delegated powers and law reform . <SEP> what session
subject committees are established at the beginning of each parliamentary session , and again the members on each committee reflect the balance of parties across parliament . <SEP> when
typically each committee corresponds with one ( or more ) of the departments ( or ministries ) of the scottish government . <SEP> how many ministries of the scottish government
the current subject committees in the fourth session are : economy , energy and tourism ; education and culture ; health and sport ; justice ; local government and regeneration ; rural affairs , climate change and environment ; welfare reform ; and infrastructure and capital investment . <SEP> of the what
the current subject committees in the fourth session are : economy , energy and tourism ; education and culture ; health and sport ; justice ; local government and regeneration ; rural affairs , climate change and environment ; welfare reform ; and infrastructure and capital investment . <SEP> what
a further type of committee is normally set up to scrutinise private bills submitted to the scottish parliament by an outside party or promoter who is not a member of the scottish parliament or scottish government . <SEP> what
private bills normally relate to large-scale development projects such as infrastructure projects that require the use of land or property . <SEP> what topic
private bill committees have been set up to consider legislation on issues such as the development of the edinburgh tram network , the glasgow airport rail link , the airdrie-bathgate rail link and extensions to the national gallery of scotland . <SEP> what kind of committee
the scotland act 1998 , which was passed by the parliament of the united kingdom and given royal assent by queen elizabeth ii on 19 november 1998 , governs the functions and role of the scottish parliament and delimits its legislative competence . <SEP> what act
the scotland act 1998 , which was passed by the parliament of the united kingdom and given royal assent by queen elizabeth ii on 19 november 1998 , governs the functions and role of the scottish parliament and delimits its legislative competence . <SEP> who
the scotland act 2012 extends the devolved competencies . <SEP> what
for the purposes of parliamentary sovereignty , the parliament of the united kingdom at westminster continues to constitute the supreme legislature of scotland . <SEP> what body
the scottish parliament has the power to pass laws and has limited tax-varying capability . <SEP> who
the specific devolved matters are all subjects which are not explicitly stated in schedule 5 to the scotland act as reserved matters . <SEP> where
all matters that are not specifically reserved are automatically devolved to the scottish parliament . <SEP> who
all matters that are not specifically reserved are automatically devolved to the scottish parliament . <SEP> why
the scottish parliament has the ability to alter income tax in scotland by up to 3 pence in the pound . <SEP> how much
the 2012 act conferred further fiscal devolution including borrowing powers and some other unconnected matters such as setting speed limits and control of air guns . <SEP> which
reserved matters are subjects that are outside the legislative competence of the scotland parliament . <SEP> what
the scottish parliament is unable to legislate on such issues that are reserved to , and dealt with at , westminster ( and where ministerial functions usually lie with uk government ministers ) . <SEP> who
the scottish parliament is unable to legislate on such issues that are reserved to , and dealt with at , westminster ( and where ministerial functions usually lie with uk government ministers ) . <SEP> where
bills can be introduced to parliament in a number of ways ; the scottish government can introduce new laws or amendments to existing laws as a bill ; a committee of the parliament can present a bill in one of the areas under its remit ; a member of the scottish parliament can introduce a bill as a private member ; or a private bill can be submitted to parliament by an outside proposer . <SEP> what
bills can be introduced to parliament in a number of ways ; the scottish government can introduce new laws or amendments to existing laws as a bill ; a committee of the parliament can present a bill in one of the areas under its remit ; a member of the scottish parliament can introduce a bill as a private member ; or a private bill can be submitted to parliament by an outside proposer . <SEP> who
bills can be introduced to parliament in a number of ways ; the scottish government can introduce new laws or amendments to existing laws as a bill ; a committee of the parliament can present a bill in one of the areas under its remit ; a member of the scottish parliament can introduce a bill as a private member ; or a private bill can be submitted to parliament by an outside proposer . <SEP> who
bills pass through parliament in a number of stages : <SEP> how
stage 1 is the first , or introductory stage of the bill , where the minister or member in charge of the bill will formally introduce it to parliament together with its accompanying documents – explanatory notes , a policy memorandum setting out the policy underlying the bill , and a financial memorandum setting out the costs and savings associated with it . <SEP> what
stage 1 is the first , or introductory stage of the bill , where the minister or member in charge of the bill will formally introduce it to parliament together with its accompanying documents – explanatory notes , a policy memorandum setting out the policy underlying the bill , and a financial memorandum setting out the costs and savings associated with it . <SEP> what
statements from the presiding officer and the member in charge of the bill are also lodged indicating whether the bill is within the legislative competence of the parliament . <SEP> what
stage 1 usually takes place , initially , in the relevant committee or committees and is then submitted to the whole parliament for a full debate in the chamber on the general principles of the bill . <SEP> where
if the whole parliament agrees in a vote to the general principles of the bill , it then proceeds to stage 2 . <SEP> what
stage 3 is the final stage of the bill and is considered at a meeting of the whole parliament . <SEP> what
this stage comprises two parts : consideration of amendments to the bill as a general debate , and a final vote on the bill . <SEP> how many parts
this stage comprises two parts : consideration of amendments to the bill as a general debate , and a final vote on the bill . <SEP> what vote on a bill
opposition members can table " wrecking amendments " to the bill , designed to thwart further progress and take up parliamentary time , to cause the bill to fall without a final vote being taken . <SEP> what type
after a general debate on the final form of the bill , members proceed to vote at decision time on whether they agree to the general principles of the final bill . <SEP> when
royal assent : after the bill has been passed , the presiding officer submits it to the monarch for royal assent and it becomes an act of the scottish parliament . <SEP> who
royal assent : after the bill has been passed , the presiding officer submits it to the monarch for royal assent and it becomes an act of the scottish parliament . <SEP> why
however he can not do so until a 4-week period has elapsed , during which the law officers of the scottish government or uk government can refer the bill to the supreme court of the united kingdom for a ruling on whether it is within the powers of the parliament . <SEP> what
however he can not do so until a 4-week period has elapsed , during which the law officers of the scottish government or uk government can refer the bill to the supreme court of the united kingdom for a ruling on whether it is within the powers of the parliament . <SEP> who
instead they begin with a phrase that reads : " the bill for this act of the scottish parliament was passed by the parliament on [ date ] and received royal assent on [ date ] " . <SEP> what
the party , or parties , that hold the majority of seats in the parliament forms the scottish government . <SEP> what party
any member can put their name forward to be first minister , and a vote is taken by all members of parliament . <SEP> who
in contrast to many other parliamentary systems , parliament elects a first minister from a number of candidates at the beginning of each parliamentary term ( after a general election ) . <SEP> who
whilst the first minister chooses the ministers – and may decide to remove them at any time – the formal appointment or dismissal is made by the sovereign . <SEP> who
under the scotland act 1998 , ordinary general elections for the scottish parliament are held on the first thursday in may every four years ( 1999 , 2003 , 2007 and so on ) . <SEP> what day of the week
under the scotland act 1998 , ordinary general elections for the scottish parliament are held on the first thursday in may every four years ( 1999 , 2003 , 2007 and so on ) . <SEP> what
the date of the poll may be varied by up to one month either way by the monarch on the proposal of the presiding officer . <SEP> who
extraordinary general elections are in addition to ordinary general elections , unless held less than six months before the due date of an ordinary general election , in which case they supplant it . <SEP> what
if the parliament itself resolves that it should be dissolved ( with at least two-thirds of the members voting in favour ) , or if the parliament fails to nominate one of its members to be first minister within 28 days of a general election or of the position becoming vacant , the presiding officer proposes a date for an extraordinary general election and the parliament is dissolved by the queen by royal proclamation . <SEP> how many days
several procedures enable the scottish parliament to scrutinise the government . <SEP> what
the first minister or members of the cabinet can deliver statements to parliament upon which msps are invited to question . <SEP> who
for example , at the beginning of each parliamentary year , the first minister delivers a statement to the chamber setting out the government 's legislative programme for the forthcoming year . <SEP> what
after the statement has been delivered , the leaders of the opposition parties and other msps question the first minister on issues related to the substance of the statement . <SEP> what
parliamentary time is also set aside for question periods in the debating chamber . <SEP> what
a " general question time " takes place on a thursday between 11:40 a.m. and 12 p.m. where members can direct questions to any member of the scottish government . <SEP> on what day
a " general question time " takes place on a thursday between 11:40 a.m. and 12 p.m. where members can direct questions to any member of the scottish government . <SEP> who
this gives members an opportunity to question the first minister directly on issues under their jurisdiction . <SEP> what
the four general questions available to opposition leaders are : <SEP> how many general questions
of the 129 msps , 73 are elected to represent first past the post constituencies and are known as " constituency msps " . <SEP> what
the 73 scottish parliament constituencies shared the same boundaries as the uk parliament constituencies in scotland , prior to the 2005 reduction in the number of scottish mps , with the exception of orkney and shetland which each return their own constituency msp . <SEP> when
voters choose one member to represent the constituency , and the member with most votes is returned as a constituency msp . <SEP> how many members
the island archipelagos of orkney , shetland and the western isles comprise a much smaller number of electors , due to their dispersed population and distance from the scottish parliament in edinburgh . <SEP> why
currently , the average scottish parliament constituency comprises 55,000 electors . <SEP> what
the total number of seats in the parliament are allocated to parties proportionally to the number of votes received in the second vote of the ballot using the d'hondt method . <SEP> how
the total number of seats in the parliament are allocated to parties proportionally to the number of votes received in the second vote of the ballot using the d'hondt method . <SEP> what method
the party with the highest quotient is awarded the seat , which is then added to its constituency seats in allocating the second seat . <SEP> what
the party with the highest quotient is awarded the seat , which is then added to its constituency seats in allocating the second seat . <SEP> what set
this is repeated iteratively until all available list seats are allocated . <SEP> how
as in the house of commons , a number of qualifications apply to being an msp . <SEP> what
such qualifications were introduced under the house of commons disqualification act 1975 and the british nationality act 1981 . <SEP> when
members of the police and the armed forces are disqualified from sitting in the scottish parliament as elected msps , and similarly , civil servants and members of foreign legislatures are disqualified . <SEP> which
an individual may not sit in the scottish parliament if he or she is judged to be insane under the terms of the mental health ( care and treatment ) ( scotland ) act 2003 . <SEP> what act
the election produced a majority snp government , making this the first time in the scottish parliament where a party has commanded a parliamentary majority . <SEP> when
the snp took 16 seats from labour , with many of their key figures not returned to parliament , although labour leader iain gray retained east lothian by 151 votes . <SEP> who
the snp took 16 seats from labour , with many of their key figures not returned to parliament , although labour leader iain gray retained east lothian by 151 votes . <SEP> by how much
the snp took a further eight seats from the liberal democrats and one seat from the conservatives . <SEP> how many seats
the snp overall majority meant that there was sufficient support in the scottish parliament to hold a referendum on scottish independence . <SEP> what
for the conservatives , the main disappointment was the loss of edinburgh pentlands , the seat of former party leader david mcletchie , to the snp . <SEP> what
mcletchie was elected on the lothian regional list and the conservatives suffered a net loss of five seats , with leader annabel goldie claiming that their support had held firm . <SEP> what net loss
mcletchie was elected on the lothian regional list and the conservatives suffered a net loss of five seats , with leader annabel goldie claiming that their support had held firm . <SEP> who
cameron congratulated the snp on their victory but vowed to campaign for the union in the independence referendum . <SEP> who
a procedural consequence of the establishment of the scottish parliament is that scottish mps sitting in the uk house of commons are able to vote on domestic legislation that applies only to england , wales and northern ireland – whilst english , scottish , welsh and northern irish westminster mps are unable to vote on the domestic legislation of the scottish parliament . <SEP> what consequence of establishing the scottish parliament
a procedural consequence of the establishment of the scottish parliament is that scottish mps sitting in the uk house of commons are able to vote on domestic legislation that applies only to england , wales and northern ireland – whilst english , scottish , welsh and northern irish westminster mps are unable to vote on the domestic legislation of the scottish parliament . <SEP> what
this phenomenon is known as the west lothian question and has led to criticism . <SEP> what phenomenon
following the conservative victory in the 2015 uk election , standing orders of the house of commons were changed to give mps representing english constituencies a new " veto " over laws only affecting england . <SEP> what party
following the conservative victory in the 2015 uk election , standing orders of the house of commons were changed to give mps representing english constituencies a new " veto " over laws only affecting england . <SEP> which country
islamism , also known as political islam ( arabic : إسلام سياسي‎ islām siyāsī ) , is an islamic revival movement often characterized by moral conservatism , literalism , and the attempt " to implement islamic values in all spheres of life . " <SEP> what
islamism , also known as political islam ( arabic : إسلام سياسي‎ islām siyāsī ) , is an islamic revival movement often characterized by moral conservatism , literalism , and the attempt " to implement islamic values in all spheres of life . " <SEP> what aspects of life
islamism favors the reordering of government and society in accordance with the shari ' a . <SEP> what goal
the different islamist movements have been described as " oscillating between two poles " : at one end is a strategy of islamization of society through state power seized by revolution or invasion ; at the other " reformist " pole islamists work to islamize society gradually " from the bottom up " . <SEP> what
moderate and reformist islamists who accept and work within the democratic process include parties like the tunisian ennahda movement . <SEP> what process
the islamist groups like hezbollah in lebanon and hamas in palestine participate in democratic and political process as well as armed attacks , seeking to abolish the state of israel . <SEP> where
the islamist groups like hezbollah in lebanon and hamas in palestine participate in democratic and political process as well as armed attacks , seeking to abolish the state of israel . <SEP> what
radical islamist organizations like al-qaeda and the egyptian islamic jihad , and groups such as the taliban , entirely reject democracy , often declaring as kuffar those muslims who support it ( see takfirism ) , as well as calling for violent/offensive jihad or urging and conducting attacks on a religious basis . <SEP> what
radical islamist organizations like al-qaeda and the egyptian islamic jihad , and groups such as the taliban , entirely reject democracy , often declaring as kuffar those muslims who support it ( see takfirism ) , as well as calling for violent/offensive jihad or urging and conducting attacks on a religious basis . <SEP> on what basis
another major division within islamism is between what graham e. fuller has described as the fundamentalist " guardians of the tradition " ( salafis , such as those in the wahhabi movement ) and the " vanguard of change and islamic reform " centered around the muslim brotherhood . <SEP> what
olivier roy argues that " sunni pan-islamism underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of the 20th century " when the muslim brotherhood movement and its focus on islamisation of pan-arabism was eclipsed by the salafi movement with its emphasis on " sharia rather than the building of islamic institutions , " and rejection of shia islam . <SEP> what
olivier roy argues that " sunni pan-islamism underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of the 20th century " when the muslim brotherhood movement and its focus on islamisation of pan-arabism was eclipsed by the salafi movement with its emphasis on " sharia rather than the building of islamic institutions , " and rejection of shia islam . <SEP> what
following the arab spring , roy has described islamism as " increasingly interdependent " with democracy in much of the arab muslim world , such that " neither can now survive without the other . " <SEP> what
while islamist political culture itself may not be democratic , islamists need democratic elections to maintain their legitimacy . <SEP> why
islamism is a controversial concept not just because it posits a political role for islam but also because its supporters believe their views merely reflect islam , while the contrary idea that islam is , or can be , apolitical is an error . <SEP> what type of role that islamism seeks
islamism is a controversial concept not just because it posits a political role for islam but also because its supporters believe their views merely reflect islam , while the contrary idea that islam is , or can be , apolitical is an error . <SEP> what
hayri abaza argues the failure to distinguish between islam and islamism leads many in the west to support illiberal islamic regimes , to the detriment of progressive moderates who seek to separate religion from politics . <SEP> what
hayri abaza argues the failure to distinguish between islam and islamism leads many in the west to support illiberal islamic regimes , to the detriment of progressive moderates who seek to separate religion from politics . <SEP> what
islamists have asked the question , " if islam is a way of life , how can we say that those who want to live by its principles in legal , social , political , economic , and political spheres of life are not muslims , but islamists and believe in islamism , not [ just ] islam ? " <SEP> what term
similarly , a writer for the international crisis group maintains that " the conception of 'political islam ' " is a creation of americans to explain the iranian islamic revolution and apolitical islam was a historical fluke of the " short-lived era of the heyday of secular arab nationalism between 1945 and 1970 " , and it is quietist/non-political islam , not islamism , that requires explanation . <SEP> what
similarly , a writer for the international crisis group maintains that " the conception of 'political islam ' " is a creation of americans to explain the iranian islamic revolution and apolitical islam was a historical fluke of the " short-lived era of the heyday of secular arab nationalism between 1945 and 1970 " , and it is quietist/non-political islam , not islamism , that requires explanation . <SEP> what
similarly , a writer for the international crisis group maintains that " the conception of 'political islam ' " is a creation of americans to explain the iranian islamic revolution and apolitical islam was a historical fluke of the " short-lived era of the heyday of secular arab nationalism between 1945 and 1970 " , and it is quietist/non-political islam , not islamism , that requires explanation . <SEP> when
during the 1970s and sometimes later , western and pro-western governments often supported sometimes fledgling islamists and islamist groups that later came to be seen as dangerous enemies . <SEP> what
during the 1970s and sometimes later , western and pro-western governments often supported sometimes fledgling islamists and islamist groups that later came to be seen as dangerous enemies . <SEP> when
the us spent billions of dollars to aid the mujahideen muslim afghanistan enemies of the soviet union , and non-afghan veterans of the war returned home with their prestige , " experience , ideology , and weapons " , and had considerable impact . <SEP> what
the us spent billions of dollars to aid the mujahideen muslim afghanistan enemies of the soviet union , and non-afghan veterans of the war returned home with their prestige , " experience , ideology , and weapons " , and had considerable impact . <SEP> who
islamists were considered by western governments bulwarks against—what were thought to be at the time—more dangerous leftist/communist/nationalist insurgents/opposition , which islamists were correctly seen as opposing . <SEP> when
the us spent billions of dollars to aid the mujahideen muslim afghanistan enemies of the soviet union , and non-afghan veterans of the war returned home with their prestige , " experience , ideology , and weapons " , and had considerable impact . <SEP> what
egyptian president anwar sadat – whose policies included opening egypt to western investment ( infitah ) ; transferring egypt 's allegiance from the soviet union to the united states ; and making peace with israel – released islamists from prison and welcomed home exiles in tacit exchange for political support in his struggle against leftists . <SEP> who
egyptian president anwar sadat – whose policies included opening egypt to western investment ( infitah ) ; transferring egypt 's allegiance from the soviet union to the united states ; and making peace with israel – released islamists from prison and welcomed home exiles in tacit exchange for political support in his struggle against leftists . <SEP> what relationship with israel
egyptian president anwar sadat – whose policies included opening egypt to western investment ( infitah ) ; transferring egypt 's allegiance from the soviet union to the united states ; and making peace with israel – released islamists from prison and welcomed home exiles in tacit exchange for political support in his struggle against leftists . <SEP> what
this " gentlemen 's agreement " between sadat and islamists broke down in 1975 but not before islamists came to completely dominate university student unions . <SEP> when
sadat was later assassinated and a formidable insurgency was formed in egypt in the 1990s . <SEP> how
the interpretation of islam promoted by this funding was the strict , conservative saudi-based wahhabism or salafism . <SEP> what type of interpretation of islam
in its harshest form it preached that muslims should not only " always oppose " infidels " in every way , " but " hate them for their religion ... for allah 's sake , " that democracy " is responsible for all the horrible wars of the 20th century , " that shia and other non-wahhabi muslims were infidels , etc . while this effort has by no means converted all , or even most muslims to the wahhabist interpretation of islam , it has done much to overwhelm more moderate local interpretations , and has set the saudi-interpretation of islam as the " gold standard " of religion in minds of some or many muslims . <SEP> what
in its harshest form it preached that muslims should not only " always oppose " infidels " in every way , " but " hate them for their religion ... for allah 's sake , " that democracy " is responsible for all the horrible wars of the 20th century , " that shia and other non-wahhabi muslims were infidels , etc . while this effort has by no means converted all , or even most muslims to the wahhabist interpretation of islam , it has done much to overwhelm more moderate local interpretations , and has set the saudi-interpretation of islam as the " gold standard " of religion in minds of some or many muslims . <SEP> who
islamist movements such as the muslim brotherhood , " are well known for providing shelters , educational assistance , free or low cost medical clinics , housing assistance to students from out of town , student advisory groups , facilitation of inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies to avoid prohibitively costly dowry demands , legal assistance , sports facilities , and women 's groups . " <SEP> what type of movement
islamist movements such as the muslim brotherhood , " are well known for providing shelters , educational assistance , free or low cost medical clinics , housing assistance to students from out of town , student advisory groups , facilitation of inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies to avoid prohibitively costly dowry demands , legal assistance , sports facilities , and women 's groups . " <SEP> what type of assistance to out of town students
all this compares very favourably against incompetent , inefficient , or neglectful governments whose commitment to social justice is limited to rhetoric . <SEP> what
islamist movements such as the muslim brotherhood , " are well known for providing shelters , educational assistance , free or low cost medical clinics , housing assistance to students from out of town , student advisory groups , facilitation of inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies to avoid prohibitively costly dowry demands , legal assistance , sports facilities , and women 's groups . " <SEP> why
while studying law and philosophy in england and germany , iqbal became a member of the london branch of the all india muslim league . <SEP> what
while studying law and philosophy in england and germany , iqbal became a member of the london branch of the all india muslim league . <SEP> what organization
he was a critic of the mainstream indian nationalist and secularist indian national congress . <SEP> who
he came back to lahore in 1908 . <SEP> what year
iqbal 's seven english lectures were published by oxford university press in 1934 in a book titled the reconstruction of religious thought in islam . <SEP> what book
iqbal expressed fears that not only would secularism and secular nationalism weaken the spiritual foundations of islam and muslim society , but that india 's hindu-majority population would crowd out muslim heritage , culture and political influence . <SEP> what
in his travels to egypt , afghanistan , palestine and syria , he promoted ideas of greater islamic political co-operation and unity , calling for the shedding of nationalist differences . <SEP> when
sir muhammad iqbal was elected president of the muslim league in 1930 at its session in allahabad as well as for the session in lahore in 1932 . <SEP> when
this address later inspired the pakistan movement . <SEP> what
sayyid abul ala maududi was an important early twentieth-century figure in the islamic revival in india , and then after independence from britain , in pakistan . <SEP> who
maududi founded the jamaat-e-islami party in 1941 and remained its leader until 1972 . <SEP> when
however , maududi had much more impact through his writing than through his political organising . <SEP> where
his extremely influential books ( translated into many languages ) placed islam in a modern context , and influenced not only conservative ulema but liberal modernizer islamists such as al-faruqi , whose " islamization of knowledge " carried forward some of maududi 's key principles . <SEP> where
sayyid abul ala maududi was an important early twentieth-century figure in the islamic revival in india , and then after independence from britain , in pakistan . <SEP> who
trained as a lawyer he chose the profession of journalism , and wrote about contemporary issues and most importantly about islam and islamic law . <SEP> what profession
however , maududi had much more impact through his writing than through his political organising . <SEP> where
his extremely influential books ( translated into many languages ) placed islam in a modern context , and influenced not only conservative ulema but liberal modernizer islamists such as al-faruqi , whose " islamization of knowledge " carried forward some of maududi 's key principles . <SEP> where
maududi also believed that muslim society could not be islamic without sharia , and islam required the establishment of an islamic state . <SEP> what
maududi also believed that muslim society could not be islamic without sharia , and islam required the establishment of an islamic state . <SEP> what
this state should be a " theo-democracy , " based on the principles of : tawhid ( unity of god ) , risala ( prophethood ) and khilafa ( caliphate ) . <SEP> what
although maududi talked about islamic revolution , by " revolution " he meant not the violence or populist policies of the iranian revolution , but the gradual changing the hearts and minds of individuals from the top of society downward through an educational process or da'wah . <SEP> what type of revolution
although maududi talked about islamic revolution , by " revolution " he meant not the violence or populist policies of the iranian revolution , but the gradual changing the hearts and minds of individuals from the top of society downward through an educational process or da'wah . <SEP> by what method
roughly contemporaneous with maududi was the founding of the muslim brotherhood in ismailiyah , egypt in 1928 by hassan al banna . <SEP> when
roughly contemporaneous with maududi was the founding of the muslim brotherhood in ismailiyah , egypt in 1928 by hassan al banna . <SEP> where
roughly contemporaneous with maududi was the founding of the muslim brotherhood in ismailiyah , egypt in 1928 by hassan al banna . <SEP> who
under the motto " the qur'an is our constitution , " it sought islamic revival through preaching and also by providing basic community services including schools , mosques , and workshops . <SEP> the motto of the muslim brotherhood
like maududi , al banna believed in the necessity of government rule based on shariah law implemented gradually and by persuasion , and of eliminating all imperialist influence in the muslim world . <SEP> what influence
some elements of the brotherhood , though perhaps against orders , did engage in violence against the government , and its founder al-banna was assassinated in 1949 in retaliation for the assassination of egypt 's premier mahmud fami naqrashi three months earlier . <SEP> when
some elements of the brotherhood , though perhaps against orders , did engage in violence against the government , and its founder al-banna was assassinated in 1949 in retaliation for the assassination of egypt 's premier mahmud fami naqrashi three months earlier . <SEP> who
the brotherhood has suffered periodic repression in egypt and has been banned several times , in 1948 and several years later following confrontations with egyptian president gamal abdul nasser , who jailed thousands of members for several years . <SEP> when
the brotherhood has suffered periodic repression in egypt and has been banned several times , in 1948 and several years later following confrontations with egyptian president gamal abdul nasser , who jailed thousands of members for several years . <SEP> what egyptian president
despite periodic repression , the brotherhood has become one of the most influential movements in the islamic world , particularly in the arab world . <SEP> what status
in the egyptian parliamentary election , 2011–2012 , the political parties identified as " islamist " ( the brotherhood 's freedom and justice party , salafi al-nour party and liberal islamist al-wasat party ) won 75 % of the total seats . <SEP> what percentage of seats
for many years it was described as " semi-legal " and was the only opposition group in egypt able to field candidates during elections . <SEP> what
mohamed morsi , an islamist democrat of muslim brotherhood , was the first democratically elected president of egypt . <SEP> who
the quick and decisive defeat of the arab troops during the six-day war by israeli troops constituted a pivotal event in the arab muslim world . <SEP> what
a steep and steady decline in the popularity and credibility of secular , socialist and nationalist politics ensued . <SEP> what
ba'athism , arab socialism , and arab nationalism suffered , and different democratic and anti-democratic islamist movements inspired by maududi and sayyid qutb gained ground . <SEP> what
the views of ali shariati , ideologue of the iranian revolution , had resemblance with mohammad iqbal , ideological father of the state of pakistan , but khomeini 's beliefs is perceived to be placed somewhere between beliefs of sunni islamic thinkers like mawdudi and qutb . <SEP> who
the views of ali shariati , ideologue of the iranian revolution , had resemblance with mohammad iqbal , ideological father of the state of pakistan , but khomeini 's beliefs is perceived to be placed somewhere between beliefs of sunni islamic thinkers like mawdudi and qutb . <SEP> where
he believed that complete imitation of the prophet mohammad and his successors such as ali for restoration of sharia law was essential to islam , that many secular , westernizing muslims were actually agents of the west serving western interests , and that the acts such as " plundering " of muslim lands was part of a long-term conspiracy against islam by the western governments . <SEP> who
he believed that complete imitation of the prophet mohammad and his successors such as ali for restoration of sharia law was essential to islam , that many secular , westernizing muslims were actually agents of the west serving western interests , and that the acts such as " plundering " of muslim lands was part of a long-term conspiracy against islam by the western governments . <SEP> what long term agenda
the islamic republic has also maintained its hold on power in iran in spite of us economic sanctions , and has created or assisted like-minded shia terrorist groups in iraq , egypt , syria , jordan ( sciri ) and lebanon ( hezbollah ) ( two muslim countries that also have large shiite populations ) . <SEP> what republic
the islamic republic has also maintained its hold on power in iran in spite of us economic sanctions , and has created or assisted like-minded shia terrorist groups in iraq , egypt , syria , jordan ( sciri ) and lebanon ( hezbollah ) ( two muslim countries that also have large shiite populations ) . <SEP> what type of sanctions
during the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict , the iranian government enjoyed something of a resurgence in popularity amongst the predominantly sunni " arab street , " due to its support for hezbollah and to president mahmoud ahmadinejad 's vehement opposition to the united states and his call that israel shall vanish . <SEP> when
during the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict , the iranian government enjoyed something of a resurgence in popularity amongst the predominantly sunni " arab street , " due to its support for hezbollah and to president mahmoud ahmadinejad 's vehement opposition to the united states and his call that israel shall vanish . <SEP> who
in 1979 , the soviet union deployed its 40th army into afghanistan , attempting to suppress an islamic rebellion against an allied marxist regime in the afghan civil war . <SEP> who
in 1979 , the soviet union deployed its 40th army into afghanistan , attempting to suppress an islamic rebellion against an allied marxist regime in the afghan civil war . <SEP> what
the conflict , pitting indigenous impoverished muslims ( mujahideen ) against an anti-religious superpower , galvanized thousands of muslims around the world to send aid and sometimes to go themselves to fight for their faith . <SEP> what
while the military effectiveness of these " afghan arabs " was marginal , an estimated 16,000 to 35,000 muslim volunteers came from around the world came to fight in afghanistan . <SEP> how effective
while the military effectiveness of these " afghan arabs " was marginal , an estimated 16,000 to 35,000 muslim volunteers came from around the world came to fight in afghanistan . <SEP> how many
another factor in the early 1990s that worked to radicalize the islamist movement was the gulf war , which brought several hundred thousand us and allied non-muslim military personnel to saudi arabian soil to put an end to saddam hussein 's occupation of kuwait . <SEP> what
another factor in the early 1990s that worked to radicalize the islamist movement was the gulf war , which brought several hundred thousand us and allied non-muslim military personnel to saudi arabian soil to put an end to saddam hussein 's occupation of kuwait . <SEP> whose occupation of kuwait
but when saddam , secularist and ba'athist dictator of neighboring iraq , attacked saudi arabia ( his enemy in the war ) , western troops came to protect the saudi monarchy . <SEP> what monarchy
islamists accused the saudi regime of being a puppet of the west . <SEP> whose puppet
these attacks resonated with conservative muslims and the problem did not go away with saddam 's defeat either , since american troops remained stationed in the kingdom , and a de facto cooperation with the palestinian-israeli peace process developed . <SEP> who
saudi arabia attempted to compensate for its loss of prestige among these groups by repressing those domestic islamists who attacked it ( bin laden being a prime example ) , and increasing aid to islamic groups ( islamist madrassas around the world and even aiding some violent islamist groups ) that did not , but its pre-war influence on behalf of moderation was greatly reduced . <SEP> what
these attacks resonated with conservative muslims and the problem did not go away with saddam 's defeat either , since american troops remained stationed in the kingdom , and a de facto cooperation with the palestinian-israeli peace process developed . <SEP> where
one result of this was a campaign of attacks on government officials and tourists in egypt , a bloody civil war in algeria and osama bin laden 's terror attacks climaxing in the 9/11 attack . <SEP> where
one result of this was a campaign of attacks on government officials and tourists in egypt , a bloody civil war in algeria and osama bin laden 's terror attacks climaxing in the 9/11 attack . <SEP> who
while qutb 's ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment prior to his execution in 1966 , the leadership of the brotherhood , led by hasan al-hudaybi , remained moderate and interested in political negotiation and activism . <SEP> whose ideas
while qutb 's ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment prior to his execution in 1966 , the leadership of the brotherhood , led by hasan al-hudaybi , remained moderate and interested in political negotiation and activism . <SEP> when
while qutb 's ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment prior to his execution in 1966 , the leadership of the brotherhood , led by hasan al-hudaybi , remained moderate and interested in political negotiation and activism . <SEP> what organization
fringe or splinter movements inspired by the final writings of qutb in the mid-1960s ( particularly the manifesto milestones , a.k.a . ma'alim fi-l-tariq ) did , however , develop and they pursued a more radical direction . <SEP> what movements
by the 1970s , the brotherhood had renounced violence as a means of achieving its goals . <SEP> when
the path of violence and military struggle was then taken up by the egyptian islamic jihad organization responsible for the assassination of anwar sadat in 1981 . <SEP> who
the path of violence and military struggle was then taken up by the egyptian islamic jihad organization responsible for the assassination of anwar sadat in 1981 . <SEP> when
unlike earlier anti-colonial movements the extremist group directed its attacks against what it believed were " apostate " leaders of muslim states , leaders who held secular leanings or who had introduced or promoted western/foreign ideas and practices into islamic societies . <SEP> which
unlike earlier anti-colonial movements the extremist group directed its attacks against what it believed were " apostate " leaders of muslim states , leaders who held secular leanings or who had introduced or promoted western/foreign ideas and practices into islamic societies . <SEP> what sin
its views were outlined in a pamphlet written by muhammad abd al-salaam farag , in which he states : <SEP> who
another of the egyptian groups which employed violence in their struggle for islamic order was al-gama ' a al-islamiyya ( islamic group ) . <SEP> what
ultimately the campaign to overthrow the government was unsuccessful , and the major jihadi group , jamaa islamiya ( or al-gama ' a al-islamiyya ) , renounced violence in 2003 . <SEP> when
ultimately the campaign to overthrow the government was unsuccessful , and the major jihadi group , jamaa islamiya ( or al-gama ' a al-islamiyya ) , renounced violence in 2003 . <SEP> how
other lesser known groups include the islamic liberation party , salvation from hell and takfir wal-hijra , and these groups have variously been involved in activities such as attempted assassinations of political figures , arson of video shops and attempted takeovers of government buildings . <SEP> who
for some decades prior to the first palestine intifada in 1987 , the muslim brotherhood in palestine took a " quiescent " stance towards israel , focusing on preaching , education and social services , and benefiting from israel 's " indulgence " to build up a network of mosques and charitable organizations . <SEP> until 1987 , what stance
as the first intifada gathered momentum and palestinian shopkeepers closed their shops in support of the uprising , the brotherhood announced the formation of hamas ( " zeal " ) , devoted to jihad against israel . <SEP> what organization
rather than being more moderate than the plo , the 1988 hamas charter took a more uncompromising stand , calling for the destruction of israel and the establishment of an islamic state in palestine . <SEP> what
the brotherhood 's base of devout middle class found common cause with the impoverished youth of the intifada in their cultural conservatism and antipathy for activities of the secular middle class such as drinking alcohol and going about without hijab . <SEP> what beverage
rather than being more moderate than the plo , the 1988 hamas charter took a more uncompromising stand , calling for the destruction of israel and the establishment of an islamic state in palestine . <SEP> where
hamas has continued to be a major player in palestine . <SEP> what organization
from 2000 to 2007 it killed 542 people in 140 suicide bombing or " martyrdom operations " . <SEP> how many people
in the january 2006 legislative election—its first foray into the political process—it won the majority of the seats , and in 2007 it drove the plo out of gaza . <SEP> what
in the january 2006 legislative election—its first foray into the political process—it won the majority of the seats , and in 2007 it drove the plo out of gaza . <SEP> when
hamas has been praised by muslims for driving israel out of the gaza strip , but criticized for failure to achieve its demands in the 2008-9 and 2014 gaza wars despite heavy destruction and significant loss of life . <SEP> what
for many years , sudan had an islamist regime under the leadership of hassan al-turabi . <SEP> what type of regime
for many years , sudan had an islamist regime under the leadership of hassan al-turabi . <SEP> who
his national islamic front first gained influence when strongman general gaafar al-nimeiry invited members to serve in his government in 1979 . <SEP> what organization
turabi built a powerful economic base with money from foreign islamist banking systems , especially those linked with saudi arabia . <SEP> how
he also recruited and built a cadre of influential loyalists by placing sympathetic students in the university and military academy while serving as minister of education . <SEP> where
after al-nimeiry was overthrown in 1985 the party did poorly in national elections , but in 1989 it was able to overthrow the elected post-al-nimeiry government with the help of the military . <SEP> when
after al-nimeiry was overthrown in 1985 the party did poorly in national elections , but in 1989 it was able to overthrow the elected post-al-nimeiry government with the help of the military . <SEP> how
the nif regime also harbored osama bin laden for a time ( before 9/11 ) , and worked to unify islamist opposition to the american attack on iraq in the 1991 gulf war . <SEP> who
the nif regime also harbored osama bin laden for a time ( before 9/11 ) , and worked to unify islamist opposition to the american attack on iraq in the 1991 gulf war . <SEP> what
founded as a broad islamist coalition in 1989 it was led by abbassi madani , and a charismatic islamist young preacher , ali belhadj . <SEP> when
an islamist movement influenced by salafism and the jihad in afghanistan , as well as the muslim brotherhood , was the fis or front islamique de salut ( the islamic salvation front ) in algeria . <SEP> where
an islamist movement influenced by salafism and the jihad in afghanistan , as well as the muslim brotherhood , was the fis or front islamique de salut ( the islamic salvation front ) in algeria . <SEP> what
the fis won sweeping victories in local elections and it was going to win national elections in 1991 when voting was canceled by a military coup d'état . <SEP> what
in afghanistan , the mujahideen 's victory against the soviet union in the 1980s did not lead to justice and prosperity , due to a vicious and destructive civil war between political and tribal warlords , making afghanistan one of the poorest countries on earth . <SEP> what type of civil war
in 1992 , the democratic republic of afghanistan ruled by communist forces collapsed , and democratic islamist elements of mujahdeen founded the islamic state of afghanistan . <SEP> when
in afghanistan , the mujahideen 's victory against the soviet union in the 1980s did not lead to justice and prosperity , due to a vicious and destructive civil war between political and tribal warlords , making afghanistan one of the poorest countries on earth . <SEP> what
in 1996 , a more conservative and anti-democratic islamist movement known as the taliban rose to power , defeated most of the warlords and took over roughly 80 % of afghanistan . <SEP> how much of afghanistan
the taliban were spawned by the thousands of madrasahs the deobandi movement established for impoverished afghan refugees and supported by governmental and religious groups in neighboring pakistan . <SEP> where
the taliban differed from other islamist movements to the point where they might be more properly described as islamic fundamentalist or neofundamentalist , interested in spreading " an idealized and systematized version of conservative tribal village customs " under the label of sharia to an entire country . <SEP> what
their ideology was also described as being influenced by wahhabism , and the extremist jihadism of their guest osama bin laden . <SEP> who
in july 1977 , general zia-ul-haq overthrew prime minister zulfiqar ali bhutto 's regime in pakistan . <SEP> when
ali bhutto , a leftist in democratic competition with islamists , had announced banning alcohol and nightclubs within six months , shortly before he was overthrown . <SEP> what
zia-ul-haq was much more committed to islamism , and " islamization " or implementation of islamic law , became a cornerstone of his eleven-year military dictatorship and islamism became his " official state ideology " . <SEP> what
in pakistan this islamization from above was " probably " more complete " than under any other regime except those in iran and sudan , " but zia-ul-haq was also criticized by many islamists for imposing " symbols " rather than substance , and using islamization to legitimize his means of seizing power . <SEP> what
zia-ul-haq was killed in 1988 but islamization remains an important element in pakistani society . <SEP> when
" the islamic state " , formerly known as the " islamic state of iraq and the levant " and before that as the " islamic state of iraq " , ( and called the acronym daesh by its many detractors ) , is a wahhabi/salafi jihadist extremist militant group which is led by and mainly composed of sunni arabs from iraq and syria . <SEP> what type of group
" the islamic state " , formerly known as the " islamic state of iraq and the levant " and before that as the " islamic state of iraq " , ( and called the acronym daesh by its many detractors ) , is a wahhabi/salafi jihadist extremist militant group which is led by and mainly composed of sunni arabs from iraq and syria . <SEP> who
as of march 2015 [ update ] , it had control over territory occupied by ten million people in iraq and syria , and has nominal control over small areas of libya , nigeria and afghanistan . <SEP> how many people
( while a self-described state , it lacks international recognition . ) <SEP> what
in 2014 , the group proclaimed itself a caliphate , with religious , political and military authority over all muslims worldwide . <SEP> what
originating as the jama'at al-tawhid wal-jihad in 1999 , it pledged allegiance to al-qaeda in 2004 , participated in the iraqi insurgency that followed the march 2003 invasion of iraq by western forces , joined the fight in the syrian civil war beginning in march 2011 , and was expelled from al-qaeda in early 2014 , ( which complained of its failure to consult and " notorious intransigence " ) . <SEP> when
originating as the jama'at al-tawhid wal-jihad in 1999 , it pledged allegiance to al-qaeda in 2004 , participated in the iraqi insurgency that followed the march 2003 invasion of iraq by western forces , joined the fight in the syrian civil war beginning in march 2011 , and was expelled from al-qaeda in early 2014 , ( which complained of its failure to consult and " notorious intransigence " ) . <SEP> when
originating as the jama'at al-tawhid wal-jihad in 1999 , it pledged allegiance to al-qaeda in 2004 , participated in the iraqi insurgency that followed the march 2003 invasion of iraq by western forces , joined the fight in the syrian civil war beginning in march 2011 , and was expelled from al-qaeda in early 2014 , ( which complained of its failure to consult and " notorious intransigence " ) . <SEP> why
originating as the jama'at al-tawhid wal-jihad in 1999 , it pledged allegiance to al-qaeda in 2004 , participated in the iraqi insurgency that followed the march 2003 invasion of iraq by western forces , joined the fight in the syrian civil war beginning in march 2011 , and was expelled from al-qaeda in early 2014 , ( which complained of its failure to consult and " notorious intransigence " ) . <SEP> when
the group has been designated a terrorist organisation by the united nations , the european union and member states , the united states , india , indonesia , turkey , saudi arabia , syria and other countries . <SEP> what
in its focus on the caliphate , the party takes a different view of muslim history than some other islamists such as muhammad qutb . <SEP> what
ht sees islam 's pivotal turning point as occurring not with the death of ali , or one of the other four rightly guided caliphs in the 7th century , but with the abolition of the ottoman caliphate in 1924 . <SEP> when
ht sees islam 's pivotal turning point as occurring not with the death of ali , or one of the other four rightly guided caliphs in the 7th century , but with the abolition of the ottoman caliphate in 1924 . <SEP> when
this is believed to have ended the true islamic system , something for which it blames " the disbelieving ( kafir ) colonial powers " working through turkish modernist mustafa kemal atatürk . <SEP> what system
this is believed to have ended the true islamic system , something for which it blames " the disbelieving ( kafir ) colonial powers " working through turkish modernist mustafa kemal atatürk . <SEP> what
ht does not engage in armed jihad or work for a democratic system , but works to take power through " ideological struggle " to change muslim public opinion , and in particular through elites who will " facilitate " a " change of the government , " i.e. , launch a " bloodless " coup . <SEP> what type of jihad
ht does not engage in armed jihad or work for a democratic system , but works to take power through " ideological struggle " to change muslim public opinion , and in particular through elites who will " facilitate " a " change of the government , " i.e. , launch a " bloodless " coup . <SEP> how
ht does not engage in armed jihad or work for a democratic system , but works to take power through " ideological struggle " to change muslim public opinion , and in particular through elites who will " facilitate " a " change of the government , " i.e. , launch a " bloodless " coup . <SEP> who
it allegedly attempted and failed such coups in 1968 and 1969 in jordan , and in 1974 in egypt , and is now banned in both countries . <SEP> where
but many ht members have gone on to join terrorist groups and many jihadi terrorists have cited ht as their key influence . <SEP> what
greater london has over 900,000 muslims , ( most of south asian origins and concentrated in the east london boroughs of newham , tower hamlets and waltham forest ) , and among them are some with a strong islamist outlook . <SEP> how many
greater london has over 900,000 muslims , ( most of south asian origins and concentrated in the east london boroughs of newham , tower hamlets and waltham forest ) , and among them are some with a strong islamist outlook . <SEP> what type of outlook
their presence , combined with a perceived british policy of allowing them free rein , heightened by exposés such as the 2007 channel 4 documentary programme undercover mosque , has given rise to the term londonistan . <SEP> when
following the 9/11 attacks , however , abu hamza al-masri , the imam of the finsbury park mosque , was arrested and charged with incitement to terrorism which has caused many islamists to leave the uk to avoid internment . <SEP> what
the u.s. government has engaged in efforts to counter islamism , or violent islamism , since 2001 . <SEP> how long as the u.s. government
these efforts were centred in the u.s. around public diplomacy programmes conducted by the state department . <SEP> what department in the u.s.
christian whiton , an official in the george w. bush administration , called for a new agency focused on the nonviolent practice of " political warfare " aimed at undermining the ideology . <SEP> who
u.s. defense secretary robert gates called for establishing something similar to the defunct u.s. information agency , which was charged with undermining the communist ideology during the cold war . <SEP> what position in the government
u.s. defense secretary robert gates called for establishing something similar to the defunct u.s. information agency , which was charged with undermining the communist ideology during the cold war . <SEP> what
its name originated from the latin word " imperium " , which means to rule over large territories . <SEP> in which ancient language
imperialism is " a policy of extending a country 's power and influence through colonization , use of military force , or other means " . <SEP> by what
the term imperialism has been applied to western ( and japanese ) political and economic dominance especially in asia and africa in the 19th and 20th centuries . <SEP> which eastern county
this is because , with informal rule , the control is spread more subtly through technological superiority , enforcing land officials into large debts that can not be repaid , ownership of private industries thus expanding the controlled area , or having countries agree to uneven trade agreements forcefully . <SEP> what subtle tool
this is because , with informal rule , the control is spread more subtly through technological superiority , enforcing land officials into large debts that can not be repaid , ownership of private industries thus expanding the controlled area , or having countries agree to uneven trade agreements forcefully . <SEP> which
the greatest distinction of an empire is through the amount of land that a nation has conquered and expanded . <SEP> what
the russian leader lenin suggested that " imperialism was the highest form of capitalism , claiming that imperialism developed after colonialism , and was distinguished from colonialism by monopoly capitalism " . <SEP> who
contiguous land empires such as the russian or ottoman are generally excluded from discussions of colonialism . :116 thus it can be said that imperialism includes some form of colonialism , but colonialism itself does not automatically imply imperialism , as it lacks a political focus . <SEP> what
contiguous land empires such as the russian or ottoman are generally excluded from discussions of colonialism . :116 thus it can be said that imperialism includes some form of colonialism , but colonialism itself does not automatically imply imperialism , as it lacks a political focus . <SEP> who besides the russians
the meaning of imperialism is to create an empire , by conquering the other state 's lands and therefore increasing its own dominance . <SEP> how
colonialism 's core meaning is the exploitation of the valuable assets and supplies of the nation that was conquered and the conquering nation then gaining the benefits from the spoils of the war . <SEP> what
colonialism can completely change the existing social structure , physical structure and economics of an area ; it is not unusual that the characteristics of the conquering peoples are inherited by the conquered indigenous populations . <SEP> what
a controversial aspect of imperialism is the defense and justification of empire-building based on seemingly rational grounds . <SEP> what
friedrich ratzel believed that in order for a state to survive , imperialism was needed . <SEP> what
j. a. hobson identifies this justification on general grounds as : " it is desirable that the earth should be peopled , governed , and developed , as far as possible , by the races which can do this work best , i.e . by the races of highest 'social efficiency ' " . <SEP> which
the purportedly scientific nature of " social darwinism " and a theory of races formed a supposedly rational justification for imperialism . <SEP> which theory
the rhetoric of colonizers being racially superior appears to have achieved its purpose , for example throughout latin america " whiteness " is still prized today and various forms of blanqueamiento ( whitening ) are common . <SEP> what
these societies also served as a space for travellers to share these stories.political geographers such as friedrich ratzel of germany and halford mackinder of britain also supported imperialism . <SEP> where
these societies also served as a space for travellers to share these stories.political geographers such as friedrich ratzel of germany and halford mackinder of britain also supported imperialism . <SEP> where
these societies also served as a space for travellers to share these stories.political geographers such as friedrich ratzel of germany and halford mackinder of britain also supported imperialism . <SEP> where what kind
the royal geographical society of london and other geographical societies in europe had great influence and were able to fund travelers who would come back with tales of their discoveries . <SEP> how
geographical theories such as environmental determinism also suggested that tropical environments created uncivilized people in need of european guidance . <SEP> which theory
for instance , american geographer ellen churchill semple argued that even though human beings originated in the tropics they were only able to become fully human in the temperate zone . <SEP> what
tropicality can be paralleled with edward said ’ s orientalism as the west ’ s construction of the east as the “ other ” . <SEP> which book by edward
geographical theories such as environmental determinism also suggested that tropical environments created uncivilized people in need of european guidance . <SEP> what type of human
british imperialism often used the concept of terra nullius ( latin expression which stems from roman law meaning 'empty land ' ) . <SEP> what law
the country of australia serves as a case study in relation to british settlement and colonial rule of the continent in the eighteenth century , as it was premised on terra nullius , and its settlers considered it unused by its sparse aboriginal inhabitants . <SEP> when
the country of australia serves as a case study in relation to british settlement and colonial rule of the continent in the eighteenth century , as it was premised on terra nullius , and its settlers considered it unused by its sparse aboriginal inhabitants . <SEP> what
orientalism , as theorized by edward said , refers to how the west developed an imaginative geography of the east . <SEP> how
the discourse of orientalism therefore served as an ideological justification of early western imperialism , as it formed a body of knowledge and ideas that rationalized social , cultural , political , and economic control of other territories . <SEP> what
to better illustrate this idea , bassett focuses his analysis of the role of nineteenth-century maps during the " scramble for africa " . <SEP> what
this provided incentives for imperial and colonial powers to obtain " information to fill in blank spaces on contemporary maps " . <SEP> what
during his analysis of nineteenth-century cartographic techniques , he highlights the use of blank space to denote unknown or unexplored territory . <SEP> what
he states that maps " contributed to empire by promoting , assisting , and legitimizing the extension of french and british power into west africa " . <SEP> who besides the british
the americas during the pre-columbian era also had large empires such as the aztec empire and the incan empire . <SEP> during which
imperialism was a basic component to the conquests of genghis khan during the mongol empire , and of other war-lords . <SEP> who
sub-saharan africa has also featured dozens of empires that predate the european colonial era , for example the ethiopian empire , oyo empire , asante union , luba empire , lunda empire , and mutapa empire . <SEP> how many
sub-saharan africa has also featured dozens of empires that predate the european colonial era , for example the ethiopian empire , oyo empire , asante union , luba empire , lunda empire , and mutapa empire . <SEP> which
sub-saharan africa has also featured dozens of empires that predate the european colonial era , for example the ethiopian empire , oyo empire , asante union , luba empire , lunda empire , and mutapa empire . <SEP> which region
cultural imperialism is when a country 's influence is felt in social and cultural circles , i.e . its soft power , such that it changes the moral , cultural and societal worldview of another . <SEP> when
the importance of soft power is not lost on authoritarian regimes , fighting such influence with bans on foreign popular culture , control of the internet and unauthorised satellite dishes etc . nor is such a usage of culture recent , as part of roman imperialism local elites would be exposed to the benefits and luxuries of roman culture and lifestyle , with the aim that they would then become willing participants . <SEP> what
for example , depictions of opulent american lifestyles in the soap opera dallas during the cold war changed the expectations of romanians ; a more recent example is the influence of smuggled south korean drama series in north korea . <SEP> which american show
the importance of soft power is not lost on authoritarian regimes , fighting such influence with bans on foreign popular culture , control of the internet and unauthorised satellite dishes etc . nor is such a usage of culture recent , as part of roman imperialism local elites would be exposed to the benefits and luxuries of roman culture and lifestyle , with the aim that they would then become willing participants . <SEP> which historic empire
the importance of soft power is not lost on authoritarian regimes , fighting such influence with bans on foreign popular culture , control of the internet and unauthorised satellite dishes etc . nor is such a usage of culture recent , as part of roman imperialism local elites would be exposed to the benefits and luxuries of roman culture and lifestyle , with the aim that they would then become willing participants . <SEP> how
the age of imperialism , a time period beginning around 1700 , saw ( generally european ) industrializing nations engaging in the process of colonizing , influencing , and annexing other parts of the world in order to gain political power . <SEP> when
the age of imperialism , a time period beginning around 1700 , saw ( generally european ) industrializing nations engaging in the process of colonizing , influencing , and annexing other parts of the world in order to gain political power . <SEP> what
[ citation needed ] although imperialist practices have existed for thousands of years , the term " age of imperialism " generally refers to the activities of european powers from the early 18th century through to the middle of the 20th century , for example , the " the great game " in persian lands , the " scramble for africa " and the " open door policy " in china . <SEP> how many years
[ citation needed ] although imperialist practices have existed for thousands of years , the term " age of imperialism " generally refers to the activities of european powers from the early 18th century through to the middle of the 20th century , for example , the " the great game " in persian lands , the " scramble for africa " and the " open door policy " in china . <SEP> when
[ citation needed ] although imperialist practices have existed for thousands of years , the term " age of imperialism " generally refers to the activities of european powers from the early 18th century through to the middle of the 20th century , for example , the " the great game " in persian lands , the " scramble for africa " and the " open door policy " in china . <SEP> what
during the 20th century , historians john gallagher ( 1919–1980 ) and ronald robinson ( 1920–1999 ) constructed a framework for understanding european imperialism . <SEP> when
during the 20th century , historians john gallagher ( 1919–1980 ) and ronald robinson ( 1920–1999 ) constructed a framework for understanding european imperialism . <SEP> when
during the 20th century , historians john gallagher ( 1919–1980 ) and ronald robinson ( 1920–1999 ) constructed a framework for understanding european imperialism . <SEP> what profession
[ attribution needed ] because of the resources made available by imperialism , the world 's economy grew significantly and became much more interconnected in the decades before world war i , making the many imperial powers rich and prosperous . <SEP> what
[ attribution needed ] because of the resources made available by imperialism , the world 's economy grew significantly and became much more interconnected in the decades before world war i , making the many imperial powers rich and prosperous . <SEP> who
europe 's expansion into territorial imperialism was largely focused on economic growth by collecting resources from colonies , in combination with assuming political control by military and political means . <SEP> on what
the colonization of india in the mid-18th century offers an example of this focus : there , the " british exploited the political weakness of the mughal state , and , while military activity was important at various times , the economic and administrative incorporation of local elites was also of crucial significance " for the establishment of control over the subcontinent 's resources , markets , and manpower . <SEP> when
europe 's expansion into territorial imperialism was largely focused on economic growth by collecting resources from colonies , in combination with assuming political control by military and political means . <SEP> what
the colonization of india in the mid-18th century offers an example of this focus : there , the " british exploited the political weakness of the mughal state , and , while military activity was important at various times , the economic and administrative incorporation of local elites was also of crucial significance " for the establishment of control over the subcontinent 's resources , markets , and manpower . <SEP> who
along with advancements in communication , europe also continued to advance in military technology . <SEP> what advancements besides military technology
european chemists made deadly explosives that could be used in combat , and with innovations in machinery they were able to manufacture improved firearms . <SEP> what
by the 1880s , the machine gun had become an effective battlefield weapon . <SEP> what
this technology gave european armies an advantage over their opponents , as armies in less-developed countries were still fighting with arrows , swords , and leather shields ( e.g . the zulus in southern africa during the anglo-zulu war of 1879 ) . <SEP> what weapons
in anglophone academic works , theories regarding imperialism are often based on the british experience . <SEP> which country
the term " imperialism " was originally introduced into english in its present sense in the late 1870s by opponents of the allegedly aggressive and ostentatious imperial policies of british prime minister benjamin disraeli . <SEP> when
for some , imperialism designated a policy of idealism and philanthropy ; others alleged that it was characterized by political self-interest , and a growing number associated it with capitalist greed . <SEP> what
in his writings lenin portrayed imperialism as a natural extension of capitalism that arose from need for capitalist economies to constantly expand investment , material resources and manpower in such a way that necessitated colonial expansion . <SEP> why
their combined work informed the study of imperialism and it 's impact on europe , as well as contributed to reflections on the rise of the military-political complex in the united states from the 1950s . <SEP> when
while these non-marxist writers were at their most prolific before world war i , they remained active in the interwar years . <SEP> when
hobson argued that domestic social reforms could cure the international disease of imperialism by removing its economic foundation . <SEP> what
hobson theorized that state intervention through taxation could boost broader consumption , create wealth , and encourage a peaceful , tolerant , multipolar world order . <SEP> how
the concept environmental determinism served as a moral justification for domination of certain territories and peoples . <SEP> what
it was believed that a certain person 's behaviours were determined by the environment in which they lived and thus validated their domination . <SEP> what
across the three waves of european colonialism ( first in the americas , second in asia and lastly in africa ) , environmental determinism was used to categorically place indigenous people in a racial hierarchy . <SEP> what continent
this takes two forms , orientalism and tropicality . <SEP> what
according to geographic scholars under colonizing empires , the world could be split into climatic zones . <SEP> who
these scholars believed that northern europe and the mid-atlantic temperate climate produced a hard-working , moral , and upstanding human being . <SEP> which regions
the people of these climates were believed to be in need of guidance and intervention from the european empire to aid in the governing of a more evolved social structure ; they were seen as incapable of such a feat . <SEP> what
similarly , orientalism is a view of a people based on their geographical location . <SEP> what
according to geographic scholars under colonizing empires , the world could be split into climatic zones . <SEP> who
britain 's imperialist ambitions can be seen as early as the sixteenth century . <SEP> when
in 1599 the british east india company was established and was chartered by queen elizabeth in the following year . <SEP> when
in 1599 the british east india company was established and was chartered by queen elizabeth in the following year . <SEP> who
in 1767 political activity caused exploitation of the east india company causing the plundering of the local economy , almost bringing the company into bankruptcy . <SEP> what
with the establishment of trading posts in india , the british were able to maintain strength relative to others empires such as the portuguese who already had set up trading posts in india . <SEP> which country
france took control of algeria in 1830 but began in earnest to rebuild its worldwide empire after 1850 , concentrating chiefly in north and west africa , as well as south-east asia , with other conquests in central and east africa , as well as the south pacific . <SEP> when
france took control of algeria in 1830 but began in earnest to rebuild its worldwide empire after 1850 , concentrating chiefly in north and west africa , as well as south-east asia , with other conquests in central and east africa , as well as the south pacific . <SEP> when
as it developed , the new empire took on roles of trade with france , supplying raw materials and purchasing manufactured items , as well as lending prestige to the motherland and spreading french civilization and language as well as catholicism . <SEP> what religion
france took control of algeria in 1830 but began in earnest to rebuild its worldwide empire after 1850 , concentrating chiefly in north and west africa , as well as south-east asia , with other conquests in central and east africa , as well as the south pacific . <SEP> where
republicans , at first hostile to empire , only became supportive when germany started to build her own colonial empire . <SEP> when
full citizenship rights – ‘ ’ assimilation ’ – were offered , although in reality assimilation was always on the distant horizon . <SEP> what
contrasting from britain , france sent small numbers of settlers to its colonies , with the only notable exception of algeria , where french settlers nevertheless always remained a small minority . <SEP> how
it became a moral justification to lift the world up to french standards by bringing christianity and french culture . <SEP> what
contrasting from britain , france sent small numbers of settlers to its colonies , with the only notable exception of algeria , where french settlers nevertheless always remained a small minority . <SEP> where
in world war ii , charles de gaulle and the free french used the overseas colonies as bases from which they fought to liberate france . <SEP> where
france fought and lost a bitter war in vietnam in the 1950s . <SEP> where
whereas they won the war in algeria , the french leader at the time , charles de gaulle , decided to grant algeria independence anyway in 1962 . <SEP> where
nearly all of france 's colonies gained independence by 1960 , but france retained great financial and diplomatic influence . <SEP> by when
from their original homelands in scandinavia and northern europe , germanic tribes expanded throughout northern and western europe in the middle period of classical antiquity ; southern europe in late antiquity , conquering celtic and other peoples ; and by 800 ce , forming the holy roman empire , the first german empire . <SEP> where
although by 1000 ce , the germanic conquest of central , western , and southern europe ( west of and including italy ) was complete , excluding only muslim iberia . <SEP> what
from their original homelands in scandinavia and northern europe , germanic tribes expanded throughout northern and western europe in the middle period of classical antiquity ; southern europe in late antiquity , conquering celtic and other peoples ; and by 800 ce , forming the holy roman empire , the first german empire . <SEP> when
from their original homelands in scandinavia and northern europe , germanic tribes expanded throughout northern and western europe in the middle period of classical antiquity ; southern europe in late antiquity , conquering celtic and other peoples ; and by 800 ce , forming the holy roman empire , the first german empire . <SEP> by when
not a maritime power , and not a nation-state , as it would eventually become , germany ’ s participation in western imperialism was negligible until the late 19th century . <SEP> when
after prussia unified the other states into the second german empire after the franco-german war , its long-time chancellor , otto von bismarck ( 1862–90 ) , long opposed colonial acquisitions , arguing that the burden of obtaining , maintaining , and defending such possessions would outweigh any potential benefits . <SEP> when
after prussia unified the other states into the second german empire after the franco-german war , its long-time chancellor , otto von bismarck ( 1862–90 ) , long opposed colonial acquisitions , arguing that the burden of obtaining , maintaining , and defending such possessions would outweigh any potential benefits . <SEP> when
[ further explanation needed ] after the defeat of napoleon , who caused the dissolution of that holy roman empire , prussia and the german states continued to stand aloof from imperialism , preferring to manipulate the european system through the concert of europe . <SEP> who
he felt that colonies did not pay for themselves , that the german bureaucratic system would not work well in the tropics and the diplomatic disputes over colonies would distract germany from its central interest , europe itself . <SEP> what
however , in 1883–84 germany began to build a colonial empire in africa and the south pacific , before losing interest in imperialism . <SEP> where
[ verification needed ] bismarck was aware that public opinion had started to demand colonies for reasons of german prestige . <SEP> of what
the establishment of the german colonial empire proceeded smoothly , starting with german new guinea in 1884 . <SEP> what
he was influenced by hamburg merchants and traders , his neighbors at friedrichsruh . <SEP> who
as a result of the russo-japanese war in 1905 , japan took part of sakhalin island from russia . <SEP> what
during the first sino-japanese war in 1894 , japan absorbed taiwan . <SEP> when
japan also invaded thailand , pressuring the country into a thai/japanese alliance . <SEP> which country
in 1931 japan conquered manchuria from china . <SEP> which area of china
the soviet union and the people ’ s republic of china supported post–world war ii communist movements in foreign nations and colonies to advance their own interests , but were not always successful . <SEP> who
bolshevik leaders had effectively reestablished a polity with roughly the same extent as that empire by 1921 , however with an internationalist ideology : lenin in particular asserted the right to limited self-determination for national minorities within the new territory . <SEP> who
after world war ii , the soviet union installed socialist regimes modeled on those it had installed in 1919–20 in the old tsarist empire in areas its forces occupied in eastern europe . <SEP> after ww-ii where
bolshevik leaders had effectively reestablished a polity with roughly the same extent as that empire by 1921 , however with an internationalist ideology : lenin in particular asserted the right to limited self-determination for national minorities within the new territory . <SEP> who
trotsky , and others , believed that the revolution could only succeed in russia as part of a world revolution . <SEP> what
lenin wrote extensively on the matter and famously declared that imperialism was the highest stage of capitalism . <SEP> who
mao zedong once argued that the soviet union had itself become an imperialist power while maintaining a socialist façade . <SEP> who
with the beginning of the new era , the after stalin period called the " thaw " , in the late 1950s , the new political leader nikita khrushchev put even more pressure on the soviet-american relations starting a new wave of anti-imperialist propaganda . <SEP> who
however , after lenin 's death , joseph stalin established 'socialism in one country ' for the soviet union , creating the model for subsequent inward looking stalinist states and purging the early internationalist elements . <SEP> what policy
the first british empire was based on mercantilism , and involved colonies and holdings primarily in north america , the caribbean , and india . <SEP> what
its growth was reversed by the loss of the american colonies in 1776 . <SEP> when
by the 1840s , britain had adopted a highly successful policy of free trade that gave it dominance in the trade of much of the world . <SEP> what policy
britain made compensating gains in india , australia , and in constructing an informal economic empire through control of trade and finance in latin america after the independence of spanish and portuguese colonies about 1820 . <SEP> when
following the defeat of napoleonic france in 1815 , britain enjoyed a century of almost unchallenged dominance and expanded its imperial holdings around the globe . <SEP> when
the british empire was the largest empire that the world has ever seen both in terms of landmass and population . <SEP> by the late 19th century , which country
the pseudo-sciences of social darwinism and theories of race formed an ideological underpinning during this time . <SEP> what kinds of sciences
a resurgence came in the late 19th century , with the scramble for africa and major additions in asia and the middle east . <SEP> in which continent besides asia
the early united states expressed its opposition to imperialism , at least in a form distinct from its own manifest destiny , through policies such as the monroe doctrine . <SEP> how
however , beginning in the late 19th and early 20th century , policies such as theodore roosevelt ’ s interventionism in central america and woodrow wilson ’ s mission to " make the world safe for democracy " changed all this . <SEP> what
one year later , a war erupted in the philippines causing business , labor and government leaders in the us to condemn america 's occupation in the philippines as they also denounced them for causing the deaths of many filipinos . <SEP> what
in 1898 , americans who opposed imperialism created the anti-imperialist league to oppose the us annexation of the philippines and cuba . <SEP> which country besides the cuba
american foreign policy was denounced as a " racket " by smedley butler , an american general . <SEP> what
one key figure in the plans for what would come to be known as american empire , was a geographer named isiah bowman . <SEP> who
three years later in 1917 , he was appointed to then president woodrow wilson 's inquiry in 1917 . <SEP> when
the inquiry was the idea of president wilson and the american delegation from the paris peace conference . <SEP> who besides woodrow wilson
the point of this inquiry was to build a premise that would allow for u.s authorship of a 'new world ' which was to be characterized by geographical order . <SEP> what
as a result of his role in the inquiry , isiah bowman would come to be known as wilson 's geographer . <SEP> what
participation in the african slave trade and the subsequent treatment of its 12 to 15 million africans is viewed by some to be a more modern extension of america 's " internal colonialism " . <SEP> how many
in his lecture on april 16 , 2003 , edward said made a bold statement on modern imperialism in the united states , whom he described as using aggressive means of attack towards the contemporary orient , " due to their backward living , lack of democracy and the violation of women ’ s rights . <SEP> who
the ottoman empire was an imperial state that lasted from 1299 to 1923 . <SEP> when
during the 16th and 17th centuries , in particular at the height of its power under the reign of suleiman the magnificent , the ottoman empire was a powerful multinational , multilingual empire controlling much of southeast europe , western asia , the caucasus , north africa , and the horn of africa . <SEP> who
at the beginning of the 17th century the empire contained 32 provinces and numerous vassal states . <SEP> how many provinces
during the 16th and 17th centuries , in particular at the height of its power under the reign of suleiman the magnificent , the ottoman empire was a powerful multinational , multilingual empire controlling much of southeast europe , western asia , the caucasus , north africa , and the horn of africa . <SEP> when
with istanbul as its capital and control of lands around the mediterranean basin , the ottoman empire was at the center of interactions between the eastern and western worlds for six centuries . <SEP> what
the empire allied with germany in the early 20th century , with the imperial ambition of recovering its lost territories , but it dissolved in the aftermath of world war i , leading to the emergence of the new state of turkey in the ottoman anatolian heartland , as well as the creation of modern balkan and middle eastern states , thus ending turkish colonial ambitions . <SEP> who
the empire allied with germany in the early 20th century , with the imperial ambition of recovering its lost territories , but it dissolved in the aftermath of world war i , leading to the emergence of the new state of turkey in the ottoman anatolian heartland , as well as the creation of modern balkan and middle eastern states , thus ending turkish colonial ambitions . <SEP> what
the empire allied with germany in the early 20th century , with the imperial ambition of recovering its lost territories , but it dissolved in the aftermath of world war i , leading to the emergence of the new state of turkey in the ottoman anatolian heartland , as well as the creation of modern balkan and middle eastern states , thus ending turkish colonial ambitions . <SEP> which country today
the united methodist church ( umc ) is a mainline protestant methodist denomination . <SEP> what
the united methodist church ( umc ) is a mainline protestant methodist denomination . <SEP> what
founded in 1968 by the union of the methodist church ( usa ) and the evangelical united brethren church , the umc traces its roots back to the revival movement of john and charles wesley in england as well as the great awakening in the united states . <SEP> when
founded in 1968 by the union of the methodist church ( usa ) and the evangelical united brethren church , the umc traces its roots back to the revival movement of john and charles wesley in england as well as the great awakening in the united states . <SEP> who
as such , the church 's theological orientation is decidedly wesleyan . <SEP> what
the united methodist church is the largest denomination within the wider methodist movement , which has approximately 80 million adherents across the world . <SEP> what
the united methodist church is the largest denomination within the wider methodist movement , which has approximately 80 million adherents across the world . <SEP> approximately how many
in the united states , the umc ranks as the largest mainline protestant denomination , the largest protestant church after the southern baptist convention , and the third largest christian denomination . <SEP> what
in 2015 , pew research estimated that 3.6 % of the u.s population , or 9 million adult adherents , self-identify with the united methodist church revealing a much larger number of adherents than registered membership . <SEP> what percentage of the u.s. population self-identify
the movement which would become the united methodist church began in the mid-18th century within the church of england . <SEP> when
the movement which would become the united methodist church began in the mid-18th century within the church of england . <SEP> where
other students mocked them , saying they were the " holy club " and " the methodists " , being methodical and exceptionally detailed in their bible study , opinions and disciplined lifestyle . <SEP> why
in 1735 , john and charles wesley went to america to teach the gospel to the american indians in the colony of georgia . <SEP> in what year
in 1735 , john and charles wesley went to america to teach the gospel to the american indians in the colony of georgia . <SEP> where
in 1735 , john and charles wesley went to america to teach the gospel to the american indians in the colony of georgia . <SEP> who
though not always emphasized or appreciated in the anglican churches of their day , their teaching emphasized salvation by god 's grace , acquired through faith in christ . <SEP> what
though john wesley originally wanted the methodists to stay within the church of england , the american revolution decisively separated the methodists in the american colonies from the life and sacraments of the anglican church . <SEP> what
in 1784 , after unsuccessful attempts to have the church of england send a bishop to start a new church in the colonies , wesley decisively appointed fellow priest thomas coke as superintendent ( bishop ) to organize a separate methodist society . <SEP> when
in 1784 , after unsuccessful attempts to have the church of england send a bishop to start a new church in the colonies , wesley decisively appointed fellow priest thomas coke as superintendent ( bishop ) to organize a separate methodist society . <SEP> who
the conference was held at the lovely lane methodist church , considered the mother church of american methodism . <SEP> where
the conference was held at the lovely lane methodist church , considered the mother church of american methodism . <SEP> what
st. george 's united methodist church , located at the corner of 4th and new streets , in the old city neighborhood of philadelphia , is the oldest methodist church in continuous use in the united states , beginning in 1769 . <SEP> what church
st. george 's united methodist church , located at the corner of 4th and new streets , in the old city neighborhood of philadelphia , is the oldest methodist church in continuous use in the united states , beginning in 1769 . <SEP> what
the congregation was founded in 1767 , meeting initially in a sail loft on dock street , and in 1769 it purchased the shell of a building which had been erected in 1763 by a german reformed congregation . <SEP> when
the congregation was founded in 1767 , meeting initially in a sail loft on dock street , and in 1769 it purchased the shell of a building which had been erected in 1763 by a german reformed congregation . <SEP> where
at this time , methodists had not yet broken away from the anglican church and the methodist episcopal church was not founded until 1784 . <SEP> when
richard allen and absalom jones became the first african americans ordained by the methodist church . <SEP> who
they were licensed by st. george 's church in 1784 . <SEP> in what year
in 1830 , the methodist protestant church split from the methodist episcopal church over the issue of laity having a voice and vote in the administration of the church , insisting that clergy should not be the only ones to have any determination in how the church was to be operated . <SEP> when
in 1830 , the methodist protestant church split from the methodist episcopal church over the issue of laity having a voice and vote in the administration of the church , insisting that clergy should not be the only ones to have any determination in how the church was to be operated . <SEP> why
in 1844 , the general conference of the methodist episcopal church split into two conferences because of tensions over slavery and the power of bishops in the denomination . <SEP> when
in 1844 , the general conference of the methodist episcopal church split into two conferences because of tensions over slavery and the power of bishops in the denomination . <SEP> why
on april 23 , 1968 , the united methodist church was created when the evangelical united brethren church ( represented by bishop reuben h. mueller ) and the methodist church ( represented by bishop lloyd christ wicke ) joined hands at the constituting general conference in dallas , texas . <SEP> when
on april 23 , 1968 , the united methodist church was created when the evangelical united brethren church ( represented by bishop reuben h. mueller ) and the methodist church ( represented by bishop lloyd christ wicke ) joined hands at the constituting general conference in dallas , texas . <SEP> where
on april 23 , 1968 , the united methodist church was created when the evangelical united brethren church ( represented by bishop reuben h. mueller ) and the methodist church ( represented by bishop lloyd christ wicke ) joined hands at the constituting general conference in dallas , texas . <SEP> who
the united methodist church understands itself to be part of the holy catholic ( or universal ) church and it recognizes the historic ecumenical creeds , the apostle 's creed and the nicene creed ; which are used frequently in services of worship . <SEP> of what church
the book of discipline also recognizes the importance of the chalcedonian creed of the council of chalcedon . <SEP> what book
it upholds the concept of the " visible and invisible church , " meaning that all who are truly believers in every age belong to the holy church invisible , while the united methodist church is a branch of the church visible , to which all believers must be connected as it is the only institution wherein the word of god is preached and the sacraments are administered . <SEP> what
as a result of the american revolution , john wesley was compelled in 1784 to break with standard practice and ordain two of his lay preachers as presbyters , thomas vasey and richard whatcoat . <SEP> why
dr. thomas coke , already an anglican priest , assisted wesley in this action . <SEP> who
as a result of the american revolution , john wesley was compelled in 1784 to break with standard practice and ordain two of his lay preachers as presbyters , thomas vasey and richard whatcoat . <SEP> who
although united methodist practices and interpretation of beliefs have evolved over time , these practices and beliefs can be traced to the writings of the church 's founders , especially john wesley and charles wesley ( anglicans ) , but also philip william otterbein and martin boehm ( united brethren ) , and jacob albright ( evangelical association ) . <SEP> who
with the formation of the united methodist church in 1968 , theologian albert c. outler led the team which systematized denominational doctrine . <SEP> in 1968 , who
with the formation of the united methodist church in 1968 , theologian albert c. outler led the team which systematized denominational doctrine . <SEP> who
prevenient grace , or the grace that " goes before " us , is given to all people . <SEP> what
prevenient grace , or the grace that " goes before " us , is given to all people . <SEP> what
prevenient grace , or the grace that " goes before " us , is given to all people . <SEP> what
prevenient grace allows those tainted by sin to nevertheless make a truly free choice to accept or reject god 's salvation in christ . <SEP> what
justifying grace or accepting grace is that grace , offered by god to all people , that we receive by faith and trust in christ , through which god pardons the believer of sin . <SEP> what
today , justifying grace is also known as conversion , " accepting jesus as your personal lord and savior , " or being " born again " . <SEP> what
today , justifying grace is also known as conversion , " accepting jesus as your personal lord and savior , " or being " born again " . <SEP> what
john wesley originally called this experience the new birth . <SEP> what
sanctifying grace is that grace of god which sustains the believers in the journey toward christian perfection : a genuine love of god with heart , soul , mind , and strength , and a genuine love of our neighbors as ourselves . <SEP> what
sanctifying grace is that grace of god which sustains the believers in the journey toward christian perfection : a genuine love of god with heart , soul , mind , and strength , and a genuine love of our neighbors as ourselves . <SEP> what
sanctifying grace is that grace of god which sustains the believers in the journey toward christian perfection : a genuine love of god with heart , soul , mind , and strength , and a genuine love of our neighbors as ourselves . <SEP> what
sanctifying grace is that grace of god which sustains the believers in the journey toward christian perfection : a genuine love of god with heart , soul , mind , and strength , and a genuine love of our neighbors as ourselves . <SEP> what
wesleyan theology stands at a unique cross-roads between evangelical and sacramental , between liturgical and charismatic , and between anglo-catholic and reformed theology and practice . <SEP> what
the united methodist church believes in prima scriptura , seeing the holy bible as the primary authority in the church and using sacred tradition , reason , and experience to interpret it , with the aid of the holy spirit ( see wesleyan quadrilateral ) . <SEP> what
today , the umc is generally considered one of the more moderate and tolerant denominations with respect to race , gender , and ideology , though the denomination itself actually includes a very wide spectrum of attitudes . <SEP> which church
therefore , according to the book of discipline , united methodist theology is at once " catholic , evangelical , and reformed . " <SEP> what
still , the denomination is pro-choice and also " was a founding member of the religious coalition for reproductive choice ... [ and ] 2008 general conference [ went ] on record in support of the work of the religious coalition for reproductive choice " . <SEP> when
as such , two official bodies of the united methodist church are part of the religious coalition for reproductive choice 's governing coalition , the general board of church and society , and the united methodist women . <SEP> what
members of the united methodist church who identify with the pro-life position have organized into the taskforce of united methodists on abortion and sexuality ( tumas ) to further their position within the denomination . <SEP> what
there was an attempt to withdraw the united methodist church membership in the religious coalition for reproductive choice at their general conference , held in may 2012 , with a petition that passed through the legislative subcommittee and committee votes , but was not given a floor vote . <SEP> in what year
rev . paul t. stallsworth , president of the taskforce of united methodists on abortion and sexuality said he " had every reason to believe " that pro-life delegates would have won a floor vote . <SEP> who
historically , the methodist church has supported the temperance movement . <SEP> which
moreover , in 2011 and 2012 , the united methodist church 's general board of church and society called on all united methodists to abstain from alcohol for lent . <SEP> when
john wesley warned against the dangers of drinking in his famous sermon , " the use of money , " and in his letter to an alcoholic . <SEP> what
in fact , the united methodist church uses unfermented grape juice in the sacrament of holy communion , thus " expressing pastoral concern for recovering alcoholics , enabling the participation of children and youth , and supporting the church 's witness of abstinence . " <SEP> what
the general conference of the united methodist church calls for its bishops to uphold opposition to capital punishment and for governments to enact an immediate moratorium on carrying out the death penalty sentence . <SEP> what part of the umc
rev . jimmy creech was defrocked after a highly publicized church trial in 1999 on account of his participation in same-sex union ceremonies . <SEP> in what year
moreover , some churches , especially in 2016 after same-sex marriage was legalized nationwide , have provided blessings for same-sex marriages . <SEP> in what year
for example , the connectional table , a governing committee , has voted in favor of a proposal that calls for a localized option , which would permit ministers to officiate same-sex weddings , and it would allow conferences to ordain gay clergy . <SEP> what
in 1987 , a united methodist church court in new hampshire defrocked methodist minister rose mary denman for openly living with a same-sex partner . <SEP> in what year
in 2005 , clergy credentials were removed from irene elizabeth stroud after she was convicted in a church trial of violating church law by engaging in a lesbian relationship ; this conviction was later upheld by the judicial council , the highest court in the denomination . <SEP> in what year
the baltimore-washington conference of the umc has approved the appointment of an openly partnered lesbian to the provisional diaconate . <SEP> what group
the united methodist church opposes conscription as incompatible with the teaching of scripture . <SEP> what
therefore , the church supports and extends its ministry to those persons who conscientiously oppose all war , or any particular war , and who therefore refuse to serve in the armed forces or to cooperate with systems of military conscription . <SEP> who
the united methodist church maintains that war is incompatible with christ 's message and teachings . <SEP> with what
consequently , the united methodist church endorses general and complete disarmament under strict and effective international control . <SEP> what
the sexual ethics task force of the united methodist church states that " research shows it [ pornography ] is not an 'innocent activity . ' <SEP> which task
the united methodist church teaches that pornography is " about violence , degradation , exploitation , and coercion " and " deplore [ s ] all forms of commercialization , abuse , and exploitation of sex . " <SEP> what
persons who are addicted to pornography are physiologically altered , as is their perspective , relationships with parishioners and family , and their perceptions of girls and women . " <SEP> who
the umc supports federal funding for research on embryos created for ivf that remain after the procreative efforts have ceased , if the embryos were provided for research instead of being destroyed , were not obtained by sale , and those donating had given prior informed consent for the research purposes . <SEP> for what purpose
it supports research on stem cells retrieved from umbilical cords and adult stem cells , stating that there are " few moral questions " raised by this issue . <SEP> what
when the methodists in america were separated from the church of england , john wesley himself provided a revised version of the book of common prayer called the sunday service of the methodists in north america . <SEP> what
when the methodists in america were separated from the church of england , john wesley himself provided a revised version of the book of common prayer called the sunday service of the methodists in north america . <SEP> when
some clergy offer healing services , while exorcism is an occasional practice by some clergy in the united methodist church in africa . <SEP> in what country
many of these liturgies are derived from the anglican tradition 's book of common prayer . <SEP> from what book
these services involve the laying on of hands and anointing with oil . <SEP> what
methodist institutions may be named after a biblical figure ( e.g. , " st. james umc " ) . <SEP> what
such exemplary saints include martyrs , confessors of the faith , evangelists , or important biblical figures such as saint matthew , lutheran theologian and martyr to the nazis dietrich bonhoeffer , salvation army founder william booth , african missionary david livingstone and methodism 's revered founder john wesley are among many cited as protestant saints . <SEP> who
such exemplary saints include martyrs , confessors of the faith , evangelists , or important biblical figures such as saint matthew , lutheran theologian and martyr to the nazis dietrich bonhoeffer , salvation army founder william booth , african missionary david livingstone and methodism 's revered founder john wesley are among many cited as protestant saints . <SEP> who
the united methodist church is organized into conferences . <SEP> what church
the highest level is called the general conference and is the only organization which may speak officially for the church . <SEP> what
legislative changes are recorded in the book of discipline which is revised after each general conference . <SEP> what book
the highest level is called the general conference and is the only organization which may speak officially for the church . <SEP> what
the general conference meets every four years ( quadrennium ) . <SEP> how often
the united states is divided into five jurisdictions : northeastern , southeastern , north central , south central and western . <SEP> into how many jurisdictions
outside the united states the church is divided into seven central conferences : africa , congo , west africa , central & southern europe , germany , northern europe and the philippines . <SEP> how many central conferences
the main purpose of the jurisdictions and central conferences is to elect and appoint bishops , the chief administrators of the church . <SEP> what
the main purpose of the jurisdictions and central conferences is to elect and appoint bishops , the chief administrators of the church . <SEP> who
bishops thus elected serve episcopal areas , which consist of one or more annual conferences . <SEP> what
decisions in-between the four-year meetings are made by the mission council ( usually consisting of church bishops ) . <SEP> who
decisions in-between the four-year meetings are made by the mission council ( usually consisting of church bishops ) . <SEP> of whom
one of the most high profile decisions in recent years by one of the councils was a decision by the mission council of the south central jurisdiction which in march 2007 approved a 99-year lease of 36 acres ( 150,000 m2 ) at southern methodist university for the george w. bush presidential library . <SEP> on how many acres
one of the most high profile decisions in recent years by one of the councils was a decision by the mission council of the south central jurisdiction which in march 2007 approved a 99-year lease of 36 acres ( 150,000 m2 ) at southern methodist university for the george w. bush presidential library . <SEP> why
one of the most high profile decisions in recent years by one of the councils was a decision by the mission council of the south central jurisdiction which in march 2007 approved a 99-year lease of 36 acres ( 150,000 m2 ) at southern methodist university for the george w. bush presidential library . <SEP> where
it consists of nine members , both laity and clergy , elected by the general conference for an eight-year term . <SEP> how many members
the judicial council is the highest court in the denomination . <SEP> what
it consists of nine members , both laity and clergy , elected by the general conference for an eight-year term . <SEP> how long
the council meets twice a year at various locations throughout the world . <SEP> how many times a year
the council meets twice a year at various locations throughout the world . <SEP> where
the annual conference , roughly the equivalent of a diocese in the anglican communion and the roman catholic church or a synod in some lutheran denominations such as the evangelical lutheran church in america , is the basic unit of organization within the umc . <SEP> what
the book of discipline is the guidebook for local churches and pastors and describes in considerable detail the organizational structure of local united methodist churches . <SEP> what
all um churches must have a board of trustees with at least three members and no more than nine members and it is recommended that no gender should hold more than a 2/3 majority . <SEP> what
all um churches must have a board of trustees with at least three members and no more than nine members and it is recommended that no gender should hold more than a 2/3 majority . <SEP> what
the church conference is an annual meeting of all the officers of the church and any interested members . <SEP> what
as such , the united methodist church established and is affiliated with around one hundred colleges and universities in the united states , including syracuse university , boston university , emory university , duke university , drew university , university of denver , university of evansville , and southern methodist university . <SEP> with approximately how many colleges
the church operates three hundred sixty schools and institutions overseas . <SEP> how many schools and institutions
the first methodist clergy were ordained by john wesley , a priest of the church of england , because of the crisis caused by the american revolution which isolated the methodists in the states from the church of england and its sacraments . <SEP> who
likewise each deacon in full connection is a member of their annual conference order of deacons . <SEP> each deacon in full connection
all clergy appointments are made and fixed annually by the resident bishop on the advice of the annual conference cabinet , which is composed of the area provost/dean ( if one is appointed ) and the several district superintendents of the districts of the annual conference . <SEP> what
until the bishop has read the appointments at the session of the annual conference , no appointments are officially fixed . <SEP> what
elders are called by god , affirmed by the church , and ordained by a bishop to a ministry of word , sacrament , order and service within the church . <SEP> who
elders serve a term of 2–3 years as provisional elders prior to their ordination . <SEP> how many years
elders may also be assigned as district superintendents , and they are eligible for election to the episcopacy . <SEP> who
deacons serve a term of 2–3 years as provisional deacons prior to their ordination . <SEP> of how many years as provisional deacons
deacons give leadership , preach the word , contribute in worship , conduct marriages , bury the dead , and aid the church in embodying its mission within the world . <SEP> who
deacons assist elders in the sacraments of holy communion and baptism , and may be granted sacramental authority if they are appointed as the pastor in a local church . <SEP> who
deacons assist elders in the sacraments of holy communion and baptism , and may be granted sacramental authority if they are appointed as the pastor in a local church . <SEP> what
at the 1996 general conference the ordination order of transitional deacon was abolished . <SEP> in what year
the provisional elder/deacon is a seminary graduate who serves a two-three-year term in a full-time appointment after being commissioned . <SEP> what
a local pastor 's official title is 'licensed local pastor ' and is appointed as clergy to the local church where they preach , conduct divine worship and perform the regular duties of a pastor . <SEP> what
the licensed local pastor has the authority of a pastor only within the context and during the time of the appointment and shall not extend beyond it . <SEP> who
local pastors are not required to have advanced degrees but are required to attend licensing school and attend and pass an approved five-year course of study at an approved united methodist seminary or course of study school , successfully complete written and oral examinations , and appear before the district committee on ministry and the conference board of ordained ministry . <SEP> how many years
they may continue towards associate membership allowing them to retire as clergy . <SEP> what type of membership
baptized members are those who have been baptized as an infant or child , but who have not subsequently professed their own faith . <SEP> what
these baptized members become professing members through confirmation and sometimes the profession of faith . <SEP> how
individuals may also become a professing member through transfer from another christian denomination . <SEP> in which
unlike confirmation and profession of faith , baptism is a sacrament in the umc . <SEP> what
in confirmation and membership preparation classes , students learn about church and the methodist-christian theological tradition in order to profess their ultimate faith in christ . <SEP> how
the book of discipline of the united methodist church directs the local church to offer membership preparation or confirmation classes to all people , including adults . <SEP> what directions the local church
in confirmation and membership preparation classes , students learn about church and the methodist-christian theological tradition in order to profess their ultimate faith in christ . <SEP> what
to be recognized as local church lay servant , they must be recommended by their pastor and church council or charge conference , and complete the basic course for lay servant . <SEP> how
they must report and reapply annually ; and they must complete at least one advanced course every three years . <SEP> how often
they must report and reapply annually ; and they must complete at least one advanced course every three years . <SEP> how many courses
the united methodist church is one tradition within the christian church . <SEP> what
in addition , it voted to seek observer status in the national association of evangelicals and in the world evangelical fellowship . <SEP> what type of status
a commission on pan methodist cooperation and union formed in 2000 to carry out work on such a merger . <SEP> in what year
in may 2012 , the united methodist church entered into full communion with the african methodist episcopal church , african methodist episcopal zion church , african union methodist protestant church , christian methodist episcopal church , and union american methodist episcopal church , in which these churches agreed to " recognize each other 's churches , share sacraments , and affirm their clergy and ministries . " <SEP> when
the united methodist church has since 1985 been exploring a possible merger with three historically african-american methodist denominations : the african methodist episcopal church , the african methodist episcopal zion church , and the christian methodist episcopal church . <SEP> what year
at the time of its formation , the umc had about 11 million members in nearly 42,000 congregations . <SEP> how many members
at the time of its formation , the umc had about 11 million members in nearly 42,000 congregations . <SEP> how many congregations
in 2005 , there were about 8 million members in over 34,000 congregations . <SEP> approximately how many members
in 2005 , there were about 8 million members in over 34,000 congregations . <SEP> approximately how many
texas has the largest number of members , with about 1 million . <SEP> which state
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , total umc membership was estimated at 11.4 million , with about 7.9 million in the u.s. and 3.5 million overseas . <SEP> what
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , total umc membership was estimated at 11.4 million , with about 7.9 million in the u.s. and 3.5 million overseas . <SEP> what
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , total umc membership was estimated at 11.4 million , with about 7.9 million in the u.s. and 3.5 million overseas . <SEP> what
the umc is also a member of the wesleyan holiness consortium , which seeks to reconceive and promote biblical holiness in today 's church . <SEP> which group
it is also active in the world methodist council , an interdenominational group composed of various churches in the tradition of john wesley to promote the gospel throughout the world . <SEP> what
on july 18 , 2006 , delegates to the world methodist council voted unanimously to adopt the " joint declaration on the doctrine of justification " , which was approved in 1999 by the vatican and the lutheran world federation . <SEP> when
the french and indian war ( 1754–1763 ) was the north american theater of the worldwide seven years ' war . <SEP> when
the war was fought between the colonies of british america and new france , with both sides supported by military units from their parent countries of great britain and france , as well as native american allies . <SEP> who
at the start of the war , the french north american colonies had a population of roughly 60,000 european settlers , compared with 2 million in the british north american colonies . <SEP> how many people
at the start of the war , the french north american colonies had a population of roughly 60,000 european settlers , compared with 2 million in the british north american colonies . <SEP> how many people
the war was fought primarily along the frontiers between new france and the british colonies , from virginia in the south to nova scotia in the north . <SEP> where
the dispute erupted into violence in the battle of jumonville glen in may 1754 , during which virginia militiamen under the command of 22-year-old george washington ambushed a french patrol . <SEP> when
in 1755 , six colonial governors in north america met with general edward braddock , the newly arrived british army commander , and planned a four-way attack on the french . <SEP> when
none succeeded and the main effort by braddock was a disaster ; he was defeated in the battle of the monongahela on july 9 , 1755 and died a few days later . <SEP> how successful
british operations in 1755 , 1756 and 1757 in the frontier areas of pennsylvania and new york all failed , due to a combination of poor management , internal divisions , and effective canadian scouts , french regular forces , and indian warrior allies . <SEP> why
in 1755 , the british captured fort beauséjour on the border separating nova scotia from acadia ; soon afterward they ordered the expulsion of the acadians . <SEP> what
in 1755 , the british captured fort beauséjour on the border separating nova scotia from acadia ; soon afterward they ordered the expulsion of the acadians . <SEP> what order
william pitt came to power and significantly increased british military resources in the colonies at a time when france was unwilling to risk large convoys to aid the limited forces it had in new france . <SEP> who
william pitt came to power and significantly increased british military resources in the colonies at a time when france was unwilling to risk large convoys to aid the limited forces it had in new france . <SEP> how much resources
france concentrated its forces against prussia and its allies in the european theatre of the war . <SEP> where
though the british were later defeated at sainte foy in quebec , the french ceded canada in accordance with the 1763 treaty . <SEP> where
france ceded its territory east of the mississippi to great britain . <SEP> what territory
it ceded french louisiana west of the mississippi river ( including new orleans ) to its ally spain , in compensation for spain 's loss to britain of florida ( spain had ceded this to britain in exchange for the return of havana , cuba ) . <SEP> what land
as there had already been a king george 's war in the 1740s , british colonists named the second war in king george 's reign after their opponents , and it became known as the french and indian war . <SEP> when
this traditional name continues as the standard in the united states , but it obscures the fact that indians fought on both sides of the conflict , and that this was part of the seven years ' war , a much larger conflict between france and great britain . <SEP> what
this traditional name continues as the standard in the united states , but it obscures the fact that indians fought on both sides of the conflict , and that this was part of the seven years ' war , a much larger conflict between france and great britain . <SEP> what
other , less frequently used names for the war include the fourth intercolonial war and the great war for the empire . <SEP> what
" seven years " refers to events in europe , from the official declaration of war in 1756 to the signing of the peace treaty in 1763 . <SEP> what time
these dates do not correspond with the fighting on mainland north america , where the fighting between the two colonial powers was largely concluded in six years , from the battle of jumonville glen in 1754 to the capture of montreal in 1760 . <SEP> how long
these dates do not correspond with the fighting on mainland north america , where the fighting between the two colonial powers was largely concluded in six years , from the battle of jumonville glen in 1754 to the capture of montreal in 1760 . <SEP> when
these dates do not correspond with the fighting on mainland north america , where the fighting between the two colonial powers was largely concluded in six years , from the battle of jumonville glen in 1754 to the capture of montreal in 1760 . <SEP> what
the french population numbered about 75,000 and was heavily concentrated along the st. lawrence river valley , with some also in acadia ( present-day new brunswick and parts of nova scotia , including île royale ( present-day cape breton island ) . <SEP> what
the french population numbered about 75,000 and was heavily concentrated along the st. lawrence river valley , with some also in acadia ( present-day new brunswick and parts of nova scotia , including île royale ( present-day cape breton island ) . <SEP> where
french fur traders and trappers traveled throughout the st. lawrence and mississippi watersheds , did business with local tribes , and often married indian women . <SEP> where
british settlers outnumbered the french 20 to 1 with a population of about 1.5 million ranged along the eastern coast of the continent , from nova scotia and newfoundland in the north , to georgia in the south . <SEP> what
british settlers outnumbered the french 20 to 1 with a population of about 1.5 million ranged along the eastern coast of the continent , from nova scotia and newfoundland in the north , to georgia in the south . <SEP> where
in between the french and the british , large areas were dominated by native tribes . <SEP> what
to the north , the mi'kmaq and the abenaki were engaged in father le loutre 's war and still held sway in parts of nova scotia , acadia , and the eastern portions of the province of canada , as well as much of present-day maine . <SEP> what tribes
the iroquois confederation dominated much of present-day upstate new york and the ohio country , although the latter also included algonquian-speaking populations of delaware and shawnee , as well as iroquoian-speaking mingo . <SEP> where
these tribes were formally under iroquois rule , and were limited by them in authority to make agreements . <SEP> what rule
further south the southeast interior was dominated by siouan-speaking catawba , muskogee-speaking creek and choctaw , and the iroquoian-speaking cherokee tribes . <SEP> what
when war broke out , the french used their trading connections to recruit fighters from tribes in western portions of the great lakes region ( an area not directly subject to the conflict between the french and british ) , including the huron , mississauga , ojibwa , winnebago , and potawatomi . <SEP> what
the british were supported in the war by the iroquois six nations , and also by the cherokee – until differences sparked the anglo-cherokee war in 1758 . <SEP> what tribes
at the start of the war , no french regular army troops were stationed in north america , and few british troops . <SEP> what
at the start of the war , no french regular army troops were stationed in north america , and few british troops . <SEP> how much
most british colonies mustered local militia companies , generally ill trained and available only for short periods , to deal with native threats , but did not have any standing forces . <SEP> what
the expedition covered about 3,000 miles ( 4,800 km ) between june and november 1749 . <SEP> what
céloron 's expedition force consisted of about 200 troupes de la marine and 30 indians . <SEP> who
when céloron 's expedition arrived at logstown , the native americans in the area informed céloron that they owned the ohio country and that they would trade with the british regardless of the french . <SEP> how
céloron continued south until his expedition reached the confluence of the ohio and the miami rivers , which lay just south of the village of pickawillany , the home of the miami chief known as " old briton " . <SEP> where
céloron threatened " old briton " with severe consequences if he continued to trade with the british . <SEP> how
" old briton " ignored the warning . <SEP> what
in his extensively detailed report , céloron wrote , " all i can say is that the natives of these localities are very badly disposed towards the french , and are entirely devoted to the english . <SEP> how
william shirley , the expansionist governor of the province of massachusetts bay , was particularly forceful , stating that british colonists would not be safe as long as the french were present . <SEP> how
in 1749 the british government gave land to the ohio company of virginia for the purpose of developing trade and settlements in the ohio country . <SEP> when
in 1749 the british government gave land to the ohio company of virginia for the purpose of developing trade and settlements in the ohio country . <SEP> who
in 1750 christopher gist , acting on behalf of both virginia and the company , explored the ohio territory and opened negotiations with the indian tribes at logstown . <SEP> who
he completed the 1752 treaty of logstown in which the local indians , through their " half-king " tanacharison and an iroquois representative , agreed to terms that included permission to build a " strong house " at the mouth of the monongahela river ( the site of present-day pittsburgh , pennsylvania ) . <SEP> where
the war of the austrian succession ( whose north american theater is known as king george 's war ) formally ended in 1748 with the signing of the treaty of aix-la-chapelle . <SEP> what
the war of the austrian succession ( whose north american theater is known as king george 's war ) formally ended in 1748 with the signing of the treaty of aix-la-chapelle . <SEP> what
the issues of conflicting territorial claims between british and french colonies in north america were turned over to a commission to resolve , but it reached no decision . <SEP> what
frontiers from between nova scotia and acadia in the north , to the ohio country in the south , were claimed by both sides . <SEP> when
on march 17 , 1752 , the governor-general of new france , marquis de la jonquière , died and was temporarily replaced by charles le moyne de longueuil . <SEP> what governor in charge of new france
on june 21 , the french war party attacked the trading centre at pickawillany , capturing three traders and killing 14 people of the miami nation , including old briton . <SEP> what
in the spring of 1753 , paul marin de la malgue was given command of a 2,000-man force of troupes de la marine and indians . <SEP> who
he first constructed fort presque isle ( near present-day erie , pennsylvania ) on lake erie 's south shore . <SEP> where
marin constructed a second fort at fort le boeuf ( present-day waterford , pennsylvania ) , designed to guard the headwaters of leboeuf creek . <SEP> where
his orders were to protect the king 's land in the ohio valley from the british . <SEP> what
tanaghrisson , a chief of the mingo , who were remnants of iroquois and other tribes who had been driven west by colonial expansion . <SEP> what native chief
the british superintendent for indian affairs in the new york region and beyond , johnson was known to the iroquois as warraghiggey , meaning " he who does great things . " <SEP> what
the british superintendent for indian affairs in the new york region and beyond , johnson was known to the iroquois as warraghiggey , meaning " he who does great things . " <SEP> what
in 1746 , johnson was made a colonel of the iroquois . <SEP> what title
mohawk chief hendrick , speaker of their tribal council , insisted that the british abide by their obligations and block french expansion . <SEP> who
to counter the french military presence in ohio , in october 1753 dinwiddie ordered the 21-year-old major george washington ( whose brother was another ohio company investor ) of the virginia regiment to warn the french to leave virginia territory . <SEP> who
washington left with a small party , picking up along the way jacob van braam as an interpreter ; christopher gist , a company surveyor working in the area ; and a few mingo led by tanaghrisson . <SEP> who
on december 12 , washington and his men reached fort le boeuf . <SEP> when
jacques legardeur de saint-pierre , who succeeded marin as commander of the french forces after the latter died on october 29 , invited washington to dine with him . <SEP> who
over dinner , washington presented saint-pierre with the letter from dinwiddie demanding an immediate french withdrawal from the ohio country . <SEP> what letter
saint-pierre said , " as to the summons you send me to retire , i do not think myself obliged to obey it . " <SEP> how
he told washington that france 's claim to the region was superior to that of the british , since rené-robert cavelier , sieur de la salle had explored the ohio country nearly a century earlier . <SEP> why
governor duquesne sent additional french forces under claude-pierre pecaudy de contrecœur to relieve saint-pierre during the same period , and contrecœur led 500 men south from fort venango on april 5 , 1754 . <SEP> how many
even before washington returned , dinwiddie had sent a company of 40 men under william trent to that point , where in the early months of 1754 they began construction of a small stockaded fort . <SEP> when
he purchased their construction tools to continue building what became fort duquesne . <SEP> what
learning of a french scouting party in the area , washington , with tanaghrisson and his party , surprised the canadians on may 28 in what became known as the battle of jumonville glen . <SEP> what
the historian fred anderson suggests that tanaghrisson was acting to gain the support of the british and regain authority over his own people . they had been inclined to support the french , with whom they had long trading relationships . <SEP> why
after several months of negotiations , the government of the duke of newcastle decided to send an army expedition the following year to dislodge the french . <SEP> what
word of the british military plans leaked to france well before braddock 's departure for north america . <SEP> when
in response , king louis xv dispatched six regiments to new france under the command of baron dieskau in 1755 . <SEP> how
the british , intending to blockade french ports , sent out their fleet in february 1755 , but the french fleet had already sailed . <SEP> what
an early important political response to the opening of hostilities was the convening of the albany congress in june and july , 1754 . <SEP> what political response
the goal of the congress was to formalize a unified front in trade and negotiations with various indians , since allegiance of the various tribes and nations was seen to be pivotal in the success in the war that was unfolding . <SEP> what
nevertheless , the format of the congress and many specifics of the plan became the prototype for confederation during the war of independence . <SEP> what
braddock ( with george washington as one of his aides ) led about 1,500 army troops and provincial militia on an expedition in june 1755 to take fort duquesne . <SEP> who
the expedition was a disaster . <SEP> how much success
approximately 1,000 british soldiers were killed or injured . <SEP> how many casualties
two future opponents in the american revolutionary war , washington and thomas gage , played key roles in organizing the retreat . <SEP> what future revolutionary key figures
the french acquired a copy of the british war plans , including the activities of shirley and johnson . <SEP> whose activities
shirley 's efforts to fortify oswego were bogged down in logistical difficulties , exacerbated by shirley 's inexperience in managing large expeditions . <SEP> what difficulties
in conjunction , shirley was made aware that the french were massing for an attack on fort oswego in his absence when he planned to attack fort niagara . <SEP> where
as a response , shirley left garrisons at oswego , fort bull , and fort williams ( the latter two located on the oneida carry between the mohawk river and wood creek at present-day rome , new york ) . <SEP> who
johnson 's expedition was better organized than shirley 's , which was noticed by new france 's governor , the marquis de vaudreuil . <SEP> who
when johnson was seen as the larger threat , vaudreuil sent dieskau to fort st. frédéric to meet that threat . <SEP> how
the battle ended inconclusively , with both sides withdrawing from the field . <SEP> who
johnson 's advance stopped at fort william henry , and the french withdrew to ticonderoga point , where they began the construction of fort carillon ( later renamed fort ticonderoga after british capture in 1759 ) . <SEP> where
johnson 's advance stopped at fort william henry , and the french withdrew to ticonderoga point , where they began the construction of fort carillon ( later renamed fort ticonderoga after british capture in 1759 ) . <SEP> where
colonel monckton , in the sole british success that year , captured fort beauséjour in june 1755 , cutting the french fortress at louisbourg off from land-based reinforcements . <SEP> who
to cut vital supplies to louisbourg , nova scotia 's governor charles lawrence ordered the deportation of the french-speaking acadian population from the area . <SEP> how
other than the campaigns to expel the acadians ( ranging around the bay of fundy , on the petitcodiac and st. john rivers , and île saint-jean ) , the only clashes of any size were at petitcodiac in 1755 and at bloody creek near annapolis royal in 1757 . <SEP> what other clashes
following the death of braddock , william shirley assumed command of british forces in north america . <SEP> who
at a meeting in albany in december 1755 , he laid out his plans for 1756 . <SEP> in what meeting
in addition to renewing the efforts to capture niagara , crown point and duquesne , he proposed attacks on fort frontenac on the north shore of lake ontario and an expedition through the wilderness of the maine district and down the chaudière river to attack the city of quebec . <SEP> what proposed attacks
in addition to renewing the efforts to capture niagara , crown point and duquesne , he proposed attacks on fort frontenac on the north shore of lake ontario and an expedition through the wilderness of the maine district and down the chaudière river to attack the city of quebec . <SEP> where
newcastle replaced him in january 1756 with lord loudoun , with major general james abercrombie as his second in command . <SEP> who
french regular army reinforcements arrived in new france in may 1756 , led by major general louis-joseph de montcalm and seconded by the chevalier de lévis and colonel françois-charles de bourlamaque , all experienced veterans from the war of the austrian succession . <SEP> who
during that time in europe , on may 18 , 1756 , england formally declared war on france , which expanded the war into europe , which was later to be known as the seven years ' war . <SEP> when
scouts had reported the weakness of the british supply chain , so he ordered an attack against the forts shirley had erected at the oneida carry . <SEP> where
in the march battle of fort bull , french forces destroyed the fort and large quantities of supplies , including 45,000 pounds of gunpowder . <SEP> how much gun powder
they set back any british hopes for campaigns on lake ontario , and endangered the oswego garrison , already short on supplies . <SEP> what plans of the british
when he arrived in albany , abercrombie refused to take any significant actions until loudoun approved them . <SEP> who
building on vaudreuil 's work harassing the oswego garrison , montcalm executed a strategic feint by moving his headquarters to ticonderoga , as if to presage another attack along lake george . <SEP> where
with abercrombie pinned down at albany , montcalm slipped away and led the successful attack on oswego in august . <SEP> where
in the aftermath , montcalm and the indians under his command disagreed about the disposition of prisoners ' personal effects . <SEP> what disagreement
loudoun , a capable administrator but a cautious field commander , planned one major operation for 1757 : an attack on new france 's capital , quebec . <SEP> what
leaving a sizable force at fort william henry to distract montcalm , he began organizing for the expedition to quebec . <SEP> what
he was then ordered by william pitt , the secretary of state responsible for the colonies , to attack louisbourg first . <SEP> who
faced with this strength , loudoun returned to new york amid news that a massacre had occurred at fort william henry . <SEP> what
french irregular forces ( canadian scouts and indians ) harassed fort william henry throughout the first half of 1757 . <SEP> what troops
in february they launched a daring raid against the position across the frozen lake george , destroying storehouses and buildings outside the main fortification . <SEP> on what lake
when the withdrawal began , some of montcalm 's indian allies , angered at the lost opportunity for loot , attacked the british column , killing and capturing several hundred men , women , children , and slaves . <SEP> what
the situation in new france was further exacerbated by a poor harvest in 1757 , a difficult winter , and the allegedly corrupt machinations of françois bigot , the intendant of the territory . <SEP> what other reason
montcalm focused his meager resources on the defense of the st. lawrence , with primary defenses at carillon , quebec , and louisbourg , while vaudreuil argued unsuccessfully for a continuation of the raiding tactics that had worked quite effectively in previous years . <SEP> where
the british failures in north america , combined with other failures in the european theater , led to the fall from power of newcastle and his principal military advisor , the duke of cumberland . <SEP> what
two of the expeditions were successful , with fort duquesne and louisbourg falling to sizable british forces . <SEP> how many of the pitt 's planned expeditions
the third invasion was stopped with the improbable french victory in the battle of carillon , in which 3,600 frenchmen famously and decisively defeated abercrombie 's force of 18,000 regulars , militia and native american allies outside the fort the french called carillon and the british called ticonderoga . <SEP> how many
the third invasion was stopped with the improbable french victory in the battle of carillon , in which 3,600 frenchmen famously and decisively defeated abercrombie 's force of 18,000 regulars , militia and native american allies outside the fort the french called carillon and the british called ticonderoga . <SEP> how many troops
abercrombie saved something from the disaster when he sent john bradstreet on an expedition that successfully destroyed fort frontenac , including caches of supplies destined for new france 's western forts and furs destined for europe . <SEP> what success
abercrombie was recalled and replaced by jeffery amherst , victor at louisbourg . <SEP> what impact
in the aftermath of generally poor french results in most theaters of the seven years ' war in 1758 , france 's new foreign minister , the duc de choiseul , decided to focus on an invasion of britain , to draw british resources away from north america and the european mainland . <SEP> what
the invasion failed both militarily and politically , as pitt again planned significant campaigns against new france , and sent funds to britain 's ally on the mainland , prussia , and the french navy failed in the 1759 naval battles at lagos and quiberon bay . <SEP> how successful
the invasion failed both militarily and politically , as pitt again planned significant campaigns against new france , and sent funds to britain 's ally on the mainland , prussia , and the french navy failed in the 1759 naval battles at lagos and quiberon bay . <SEP> what naval battles
british victories continued in all theaters in the annus mirabilis of 1759 , when they finally captured ticonderoga , james wolfe defeated montcalm at quebec ( in a battle that claimed the lives of both commanders ) , and victory at fort niagara successfully cut off the french frontier forts further to the west and south . <SEP> who
british victories continued in all theaters in the annus mirabilis of 1759 , when they finally captured ticonderoga , james wolfe defeated montcalm at quebec ( in a battle that claimed the lives of both commanders ) , and victory at fort niagara successfully cut off the french frontier forts further to the west and south . <SEP> what
the victory was made complete in 1760 when , despite losing outside quebec city in the battle of sainte-foy , the british were able to prevent the arrival of french relief ships in the naval battle of the restigouche while armies marched on montreal from three sides . <SEP> what battle outside quebec city
in september 1760 , and before any hostilities erupted , governor vaudreuil negotiated from montreal a capitulation with general amherst . <SEP> who
in september 1760 , and before any hostilities erupted , governor vaudreuil negotiated from montreal a capitulation with general amherst . <SEP> what british general
the war in north america officially ended with the signing of the treaty of paris on 10 february 1763 , and war in the european theatre of the seven years ' war was settled by the treaty of hubertusburg on 15 february 1763 . <SEP> when
the war in north america officially ended with the signing of the treaty of paris on 10 february 1763 , and war in the european theatre of the seven years ' war was settled by the treaty of hubertusburg on 15 february 1763 . <SEP> when
the british offered france the choice of surrendering either its continental north american possessions east of the mississippi or the caribbean islands of guadeloupe and martinique , which had been occupied by the british . <SEP> what choice
they viewed the economic value of the caribbean islands ' sugar cane to be greater and easier to defend than the furs from the continent . <SEP> why
britain gained control of french canada and acadia , colonies containing approximately 80,000 primarily french-speaking roman catholic residents . <SEP> how many french colonists
the deportation of acadians beginning in 1755 resulted in land made available to migrants from europe and the colonies further south . <SEP> when
the british resettled many acadians throughout its north american provinces , but many went to france , and some went to new orleans , which they had expected to remain french . <SEP> where
others migrated to places like saint-domingue , and fled to new orleans after the haitian revolution . <SEP> what north american city
following the treaty , king george iii issued the royal proclamation of 1763 on october 7 , 1763 , which outlined the division and administration of the newly conquered territory , and to some extent continues to govern relations between the government of modern canada and the first nations . <SEP> who
following the treaty , king george iii issued the royal proclamation of 1763 on october 7 , 1763 , which outlined the division and administration of the newly conquered territory , and to some extent continues to govern relations between the government of modern canada and the first nations . <SEP> what
included in its provisions was the reservation of lands west of the appalachian mountains to its indian population , a demarcation that was at best a temporary impediment to a rising tide of westward-bound settlers . <SEP> what lands
the ohio country was particularly vulnerable to legal and illegal settlement due to the construction of military roads to the area by braddock and forbes . <SEP> what
although the spanish takeover of the louisiana territory ( which was not completed until 1769 ) had modest repercussions , the british takeover of spanish florida resulted in the westward migration of tribes that did not want to do business with the british , and a rise in tensions between the choctaw and the creek , historic enemies whose divisions the british at times exploited . <SEP> when
although the spanish takeover of the louisiana territory ( which was not completed until 1769 ) had modest repercussions , the british takeover of spanish florida resulted in the westward migration of tribes that did not want to do business with the british , and a rise in tensions between the choctaw and the creek , historic enemies whose divisions the british at times exploited . <SEP> what natives
for many native populations , the elimination of french power in north america meant the disappearance of a strong ally and counterweight to british expansion , leading to their ultimate dispossession . <SEP> what
philosophers in antiquity used the concept of force in the study of stationary and moving objects and simple machines , but thinkers such as aristotle and archimedes retained fundamental errors in understanding force . <SEP> what concept
a fundamental error was the belief that a force is required to maintain motion , even at a constant velocity . <SEP> what
with his mathematical insight , sir isaac newton formulated laws of motion that were not improved-on for nearly three hundred years . <SEP> how long
by the early 20th century , einstein developed a theory of relativity that correctly predicted the action of forces on objects with increasing momenta near the speed of light , and also provided insight into the forces produced by gravitation and inertia . <SEP> who
with modern insights into quantum mechanics and technology that can accelerate particles close to the speed of light , particle physics has devised a standard model to describe forces between particles smaller than atoms . <SEP> what
the standard model predicts that exchanged particles called gauge bosons are the fundamental means by which forces are emitted and absorbed . <SEP> what
only four main interactions are known : in order of decreasing strength , they are : strong , electromagnetic , weak , and gravitational . :2–10:79 high-energy particle physics observations made during the 1970s and 1980s confirmed that the weak and electromagnetic forces are expressions of a more fundamental electroweak interaction . <SEP> what
only four main interactions are known : in order of decreasing strength , they are : strong , electromagnetic , weak , and gravitational . :2–10:79 high-energy particle physics observations made during the 1970s and 1980s confirmed that the weak and electromagnetic forces are expressions of a more fundamental electroweak interaction . <SEP> what
only four main interactions are known : in order of decreasing strength , they are : strong , electromagnetic , weak , and gravitational . :2–10:79 high-energy particle physics observations made during the 1970s and 1980s confirmed that the weak and electromagnetic forces are expressions of a more fundamental electroweak interaction . <SEP> what
aristotle provided a philosophical discussion of the concept of a force as an integral part of aristotelian cosmology . <SEP> who
aristotle provided a philosophical discussion of the concept of a force as an integral part of aristotelian cosmology . <SEP> what
in aristotle 's view , the terrestrial sphere contained four elements that come to rest at different " natural places " therein . <SEP> how many elements
aristotle believed that motionless objects on earth , those composed mostly of the elements earth and water , to be in their natural place on the ground and that they will stay that way if left alone . <SEP> where
he distinguished between the innate tendency of objects to find their " natural place " ( e.g. , for heavy bodies to fall ) , which led to " natural motion " , and unnatural or forced motion , which required continued application of a force . <SEP> what
the shortcomings of aristotelian physics would not be fully corrected until the 17th century work of galileo galilei , who was influenced by the late medieval idea that objects in forced motion carried an innate force of impetus . <SEP> when
the shortcomings of aristotelian physics would not be fully corrected until the 17th century work of galileo galilei , who was influenced by the late medieval idea that objects in forced motion carried an innate force of impetus . <SEP> whose work
the shortcomings of aristotelian physics would not be fully corrected until the 17th century work of galileo galilei , who was influenced by the late medieval idea that objects in forced motion carried an innate force of impetus . <SEP> what
galileo constructed an experiment in which stones and cannonballs were both rolled down an incline to disprove the aristotelian theory of motion early in the 17th century . <SEP> who
he showed that the bodies were accelerated by gravity to an extent that was independent of their mass and argued that objects retain their velocity unless acted on by a force , for example friction . <SEP> what force
newton 's first law of motion states that objects continue to move in a state of constant velocity unless acted upon by an external net force or resultant force . <SEP> whose first law of motion
this law is an extension of galileo 's insight that constant velocity was associated with a lack of net force ( see a more detailed description of this below ) . <SEP> what insight of galileo
newton proposed that every object with mass has an innate inertia that functions as the fundamental equilibrium " natural state " in place of the aristotelian idea of the " natural state of rest " . <SEP> who
by making rest physically indistinguishable from non-zero constant velocity , newton 's first law directly connects inertia with the concept of relative velocities . <SEP> what law
in other words , to phrase matters more technically , the laws of physics are the same in every inertial frame of reference , that is , in all frames related by a galilean transformation . <SEP> what
for instance , while traveling in a moving vehicle at a constant velocity , the laws of physics do not change from being at rest . <SEP> what
this is true even though another person who is observing the moving vehicle pass by also observes the ball follow a curving parabolic path in the same direction as the motion of the vehicle . <SEP> what path
from the perspective of the person in the car , the vehicle and everything inside of it is at rest : it is the outside world that is moving with a constant speed in the opposite direction . <SEP> what sate
the concept of inertia can be further generalized to explain the tendency of objects to continue in many different forms of constant motion , even those that are not strictly constant velocity . <SEP> what concept
the rotational inertia of planet earth is what fixes the constancy of the length of a day and the length of a year . <SEP> what
albert einstein extended the principle of inertia further when he explained that reference frames subject to constant acceleration , such as those free-falling toward a gravitating object , were physically equivalent to inertial reference frames . <SEP> who
this is why , for example , astronauts experience weightlessness when in free-fall orbit around the earth , and why newton 's laws of motion are more easily discernible in such environments . <SEP> what
this principle of equivalence was one of the foundational underpinnings for the development of the general theory of relativity . <SEP> what
newton 's second law asserts the direct proportionality of acceleration to force and the inverse proportionality of acceleration to mass . <SEP> what
accelerations can be defined through kinematic measurements . <SEP> what kind of measurements
general relativity offers an equivalence between space-time and mass , but lacking a coherent theory of quantum gravity , it is unclear as to how or whether this connection is relevant on microscales . <SEP> what
general relativity offers an equivalence between space-time and mass , but lacking a coherent theory of quantum gravity , it is unclear as to how or whether this connection is relevant on microscales . <SEP> what
with some justification , newton 's second law can be taken as a quantitative definition of mass by writing the law as an equality ; the relative units of force and mass then are fixed . <SEP> what
newton 's third law is a result of applying symmetry to situations where forces can be attributed to the presence of different objects . <SEP> when
newton 's third law is a result of applying symmetry to situations where forces can be attributed to the presence of different objects . <SEP> what law
the third law means that all forces are interactions between different bodies , [ note 3 ] and thus that there is no such thing as a unidirectional force or a force that acts on only one body . <SEP> what kind of force
alternatively , if an external force acts on the system , then the center of mass will experience an acceleration proportional to the magnitude of the external force divided by the mass of the system . :19-1 <SEP> what
this means that in a closed system of particles , there are no internal forces that are unbalanced . <SEP> in what kind of system of particles
alternatively , if an external force acts on the system , then the center of mass will experience an acceleration proportional to the magnitude of the external force divided by the mass of the system . :19-1 <SEP> what
since forces are perceived as pushes or pulls , this can provide an intuitive understanding for describing forces . <SEP> what
as with other physical concepts ( e.g . temperature ) , the intuitive understanding of forces is quantified using precise operational definitions that are consistent with direct observations and compared to a standard measurement scale . <SEP> what
through experimentation , it is determined that laboratory measurements of forces are fully consistent with the conceptual definition of force offered by newtonian mechanics . <SEP> what
through experimentation , it is determined that laboratory measurements of forces are fully consistent with the conceptual definition of force offered by newtonian mechanics . <SEP> how
because of these characteristics , forces are classified as " vector quantities " . <SEP> how
this means that forces follow a different set of mathematical rules than physical quantities that do not have direction ( denoted scalar quantities ) . <SEP> what physical quantities
associating forces with vectors avoids such problems . <SEP> how
if both of these pieces of information are not known for each force , the situation is ambiguous . <SEP> what
historically , forces were first quantitatively investigated in conditions of static equilibrium where several forces canceled each other out . <SEP> in what
such experiments demonstrate the crucial properties that forces are additive vector quantities : they have magnitude and direction . <SEP> what
when two forces act on a point particle , the resulting force , the resultant ( also called the net force ) , can be determined by following the parallelogram rule of vector addition : the addition of two vectors represented by sides of a parallelogram , gives an equivalent resultant vector that is equal in magnitude and direction to the transversal of the parallelogram . <SEP> what
however , if the forces are acting on an extended body , their respective lines of application must also be specified in order to account for their effects on the motion of the body . <SEP> when
when two forces act on a point particle , the resulting force , the resultant ( also called the net force ) , can be determined by following the parallelogram rule of vector addition : the addition of two vectors represented by sides of a parallelogram , gives an equivalent resultant vector that is equal in magnitude and direction to the transversal of the parallelogram . <SEP> what geometric shape
as well as being added , forces can also be resolved into independent components at right angles to each other . <SEP> what
a horizontal force pointing northeast can therefore be split into two forces , one pointing north , and one pointing east . <SEP> how many forces
summing these component forces using vector addition yields the original force . <SEP> what
this is because , for orthogonal components , the components of the vector sum are uniquely determined by the scalar addition of the components of the individual vectors . <SEP> what
orthogonal force vectors can be three-dimensional with the third component being at right-angles to the other two . <SEP> what
pushing against an object on a frictional surface can result in a situation where the object does not move because the applied force is opposed by static friction , generated between the object and the table surface . <SEP> what
pushing against an object on a frictional surface can result in a situation where the object does not move because the applied force is opposed by static friction , generated between the object and the table surface . <SEP> what
for a situation with no movement , the static friction force exactly balances the applied force resulting in no acceleration . <SEP> what force
the static friction increases or decreases in response to the applied force up to an upper limit determined by the characteristics of the contact between the surface and the object . <SEP> what
a static equilibrium between two forces is the most usual way of measuring forces , using simple devices such as weighing scales and spring balances . <SEP> what
for example , an object suspended on a vertical spring scale experiences the force of gravity acting on the object balanced by a force applied by the " spring reaction force " , which equals the object 's weight . <SEP> what force
for example , an object suspended on a vertical spring scale experiences the force of gravity acting on the object balanced by a force applied by the " spring reaction force " , which equals the object 's weight . <SEP> what
using such tools , some quantitative force laws were discovered : that the force of gravity is proportional to volume for objects of constant density ( widely exploited for millennia to define standard weights ) ; archimedes ' principle for buoyancy ; archimedes ' analysis of the lever ; boyle 's law for gas pressure ; and hooke 's law for springs . <SEP> what
these were all formulated and experimentally verified before isaac newton expounded his three laws of motion . <SEP> who
dynamic equilibrium was first described by galileo who noticed that certain assumptions of aristotelian physics were contradicted by observations and logic . <SEP> who
galileo concluded that motion in a constant velocity was completely equivalent to rest . <SEP> what
galileo concluded that motion in a constant velocity was completely equivalent to rest . <SEP> who
thus , in an aristotelian universe , the falling cannonball would land behind the foot of the mast of a moving ship . <SEP> where
however , when this experiment is actually conducted , the cannonball always falls at the foot of the mast , as if the cannonball knows to travel with the ship despite being separated from it . <SEP> where
a simple case of dynamic equilibrium occurs in constant velocity motion across a surface with kinetic friction . <SEP> what
however , when kinetic friction is taken into consideration it is clear that there is no net force causing constant velocity motion . <SEP> what
aristotle misinterpreted this motion as being caused by the applied force . <SEP> who
the notion " force " keeps its meaning in quantum mechanics , though one is now dealing with operators instead of classical variables and though the physics is now described by the schrödinger equation instead of newtonian equations . <SEP> what equation
the notion " force " keeps its meaning in quantum mechanics , though one is now dealing with operators instead of classical variables and though the physics is now described by the schrödinger equation instead of newtonian equations . <SEP> what equation
however , the potentials v ( x , y , z ) or fields , from which the forces generally can be derived , are treated similar to classical position variables , i.e. , . <SEP> how
this has the consequence that the results of a measurement are now sometimes " quantized " , i.e . they appear in discrete portions . <SEP> what type of measurements
the notion " force " keeps its meaning in quantum mechanics , though one is now dealing with operators instead of classical variables and though the physics is now described by the schrödinger equation instead of newtonian equations . <SEP> what notion
however , already in quantum mechanics there is one " caveat " , namely the particles acting onto each other do not only possess the spatial variable , but also a discrete intrinsic angular momentum-like variable called the " spin " , and there is the pauli principle relating the space and the spin variables . <SEP> what
however , already in quantum mechanics there is one " caveat " , namely the particles acting onto each other do not only possess the spatial variable , but also a discrete intrinsic angular momentum-like variable called the " spin " , and there is the pauli principle relating the space and the spin variables . <SEP> what
depending on the value of the spin , identical particles split into two different classes , fermions and bosons . <SEP> what value
if two identical fermions ( e.g . electrons ) have a symmetric spin function ( e.g . parallel spins ) the spatial variables must be antisymmetric ( i.e . they exclude each other from their places much as if there was a repulsive force ) , and vice versa , i.e . for antiparallel spins the position variables must be symmetric ( i.e . the apparent force must be attractive ) . <SEP> what
if two identical fermions ( e.g . electrons ) have a symmetric spin function ( e.g . parallel spins ) the spatial variables must be antisymmetric ( i.e . they exclude each other from their places much as if there was a repulsive force ) , and vice versa , i.e . for antiparallel spins the position variables must be symmetric ( i.e . the apparent force must be attractive ) . <SEP> what
in modern particle physics , forces and the acceleration of particles are explained as a mathematical by-product of exchange of momentum-carrying gauge bosons . <SEP> how
with the development of quantum field theory and general relativity , it was realized that force is a redundant concept arising from conservation of momentum ( 4-momentum in relativity and momentum of virtual particles in quantum electrodynamics ) . <SEP> what
the conservation of momentum can be directly derived from the homogeneity or symmetry of space and so is usually considered more fundamental than the concept of a force . <SEP> what
while sophisticated mathematical descriptions are needed to predict , in full detail , the accurate result of such interactions , there is a conceptually simple way to describe such interactions through the use of feynman diagrams . <SEP> what
all of the forces in the universe are based on four fundamental interactions . <SEP> how many interactions
the strong and weak forces are nuclear forces that act only at very short distances , and are responsible for the interactions between subatomic particles , including nucleons and compound nuclei . <SEP> what nuclear forces
the electromagnetic force acts between electric charges , and the gravitational force acts between masses . <SEP> what force
the electromagnetic force acts between electric charges , and the gravitational force acts between masses . <SEP> what
for example , friction is a manifestation of the electromagnetic force acting between the atoms of two surfaces , and the pauli exclusion principle , which does not permit atoms to pass through each other . <SEP> what
for example , isaac newton unified the force responsible for objects falling at the surface of the earth with the force responsible for the orbits of celestial mechanics in his universal theory of gravitation . <SEP> who
in the 20th century , the development of quantum mechanics led to a modern understanding that the first three fundamental forces ( all except gravity ) are manifestations of matter ( fermions ) interacting by exchanging virtual particles called gauge bosons . <SEP> in what century
physicists are still attempting to develop self-consistent unification models that would combine all four fundamental interactions into a theory of everything . <SEP> what kind of self-consistent models
physicists are still attempting to develop self-consistent unification models that would combine all four fundamental interactions into a theory of everything . <SEP> what type of physics model
what we now call gravity was not identified as a universal force until the work of isaac newton . <SEP> who
galileo was instrumental in describing the characteristics of falling objects by determining that the acceleration of every object in free-fall was constant and independent of the mass of the object . <SEP> who
today , this acceleration due to gravity towards the surface of the earth is usually designated as and has a magnitude of about 9.81 meters per second squared ( this measurement is taken from sea level and may vary depending on location ) , and points toward the center of the earth . <SEP> how fast
today , this acceleration due to gravity towards the surface of the earth is usually designated as and has a magnitude of about 9.81 meters per second squared ( this measurement is taken from sea level and may vary depending on location ) , and points toward the center of the earth . <SEP> where
this observation means that the force of gravity on an object at the earth 's surface is directly proportional to the object 's mass . <SEP> what
newton came to realize that the effects of gravity might be observed in different ways at larger distances . <SEP> how
in particular , newton determined that the acceleration of the moon around the earth could be ascribed to the same force of gravity if the acceleration due to gravity decreased as an inverse square law . <SEP> what
further , newton realized that the acceleration due to gravity is proportional to the mass of the attracting body . <SEP> what
combining these ideas gives a formula that relates the mass ( ) and the radius ( ) of the earth to the gravitational acceleration : <SEP> what
not until 1798 was henry cavendish able to make the first measurement of using a torsion balance ; this was widely reported in the press as a measurement of the mass of the earth since knowing could allow one to solve for the earth 's mass given the above equation . <SEP> who
not until 1798 was henry cavendish able to make the first measurement of using a torsion balance ; this was widely reported in the press as a measurement of the mass of the earth since knowing could allow one to solve for the earth 's mass given the above equation . <SEP> when
newton , however , realized that since all celestial bodies followed the same laws of motion , his law of gravity had to be universal . <SEP> who
it was only the orbit of the planet mercury that newton 's law of gravitation seemed not to fully explain . <SEP> what planet
some astrophysicists predicted the existence of another planet ( vulcan ) that would explain the discrepancies ; however , despite some early indications , no such planet could be found . <SEP> what planet
when albert einstein formulated his theory of general relativity ( gr ) he turned his attention to the problem of mercury 's orbit and found that his theory added a correction , which could account for the discrepancy . <SEP> what theory
when albert einstein formulated his theory of general relativity ( gr ) he turned his attention to the problem of mercury 's orbit and found that his theory added a correction , which could account for the discrepancy . <SEP> who
when albert einstein formulated his theory of general relativity ( gr ) he turned his attention to the problem of mercury 's orbit and found that his theory added a correction , which could account for the discrepancy . <SEP> who
since then , and so far , general relativity has been acknowledged as the theory that best explains gravity . <SEP> what theory best
thus , the straight line path in space-time is seen as a curved line in space , and it is called the ballistic trajectory of the object . <SEP> what space-time path
the time derivative of the changing momentum of the object is what we label as " gravitational force " . <SEP> what
it is only when observing the motion in a global sense that the curvature of space-time can be observed and the force is inferred from the object 's curved path . <SEP> in what sense
through combining the definition of electric current as the time rate of change of electric charge , a rule of vector multiplication called lorentz 's law describes the force on a charge moving in a magnetic field . <SEP> what
the connection between electricity and magnetism allows for the description of a unified electromagnetic force that acts on a charge . <SEP> what magnetic and electric force
through combining the definition of electric current as the time rate of change of electric charge , a rule of vector multiplication called lorentz 's law describes the force on a charge moving in a magnetic field . <SEP> what
the origin of electric and magnetic fields would not be fully explained until 1864 when james clerk maxwell unified a number of earlier theories into a set of 20 scalar equations , which were later reformulated into 4 vector equations by oliver heaviside and josiah willard gibbs . <SEP> who
the origin of electric and magnetic fields would not be fully explained until 1864 when james clerk maxwell unified a number of earlier theories into a set of 20 scalar equations , which were later reformulated into 4 vector equations by oliver heaviside and josiah willard gibbs . <SEP> when
the origin of electric and magnetic fields would not be fully explained until 1864 when james clerk maxwell unified a number of earlier theories into a set of 20 scalar equations , which were later reformulated into 4 vector equations by oliver heaviside and josiah willard gibbs . <SEP> how many
the origin of electric and magnetic fields would not be fully explained until 1864 when james clerk maxwell unified a number of earlier theories into a set of 20 scalar equations , which were later reformulated into 4 vector equations by oliver heaviside and josiah willard gibbs . <SEP> how many vector equations
this led maxwell to discover that electric and magnetic fields could be " self-generating " through a wave that traveled at a speed that he calculated to be the speed of light . <SEP> who
however , attempting to reconcile electromagnetic theory with two observations , the photoelectric effect , and the nonexistence of the ultraviolet catastrophe , proved troublesome . <SEP> what
through the work of leading theoretical physicists , a new theory of electromagnetism was developed using quantum mechanics . <SEP> what
this final modification to electromagnetic theory ultimately led to quantum electrodynamics ( or qed ) , which fully describes all electromagnetic phenomena as being mediated by wave–particles known as photons . <SEP> what
this final modification to electromagnetic theory ultimately led to quantum electrodynamics ( or qed ) , which fully describes all electromagnetic phenomena as being mediated by wave–particles known as photons . <SEP> what
this final modification to electromagnetic theory ultimately led to quantum electrodynamics ( or qed ) , which fully describes all electromagnetic phenomena as being mediated by wave–particles known as photons . <SEP> what
it is a common misconception to ascribe the stiffness and rigidity of solid matter to the repulsion of like charges under the influence of the electromagnetic force . <SEP> what
however , these characteristics actually result from the pauli exclusion principle . <SEP> what
this means that it takes energy to pack them together . <SEP> what
while this effect is manifested macroscopically as a structural force , it is technically only the result of the existence of a finite set of electron states . <SEP> how
it is a common misconception to ascribe the stiffness and rigidity of solid matter to the repulsion of like charges under the influence of the electromagnetic force . <SEP> what
however , these characteristics actually result from the pauli exclusion principle . <SEP> what
this means that it takes energy to pack them together . <SEP> what
while this effect is manifested macroscopically as a structural force , it is technically only the result of the existence of a finite set of electron states . <SEP> how
the strong force only acts directly upon elementary particles . <SEP> what
however , a residual of the force is observed between hadrons ( the best known example being the force that acts between nucleons in atomic nuclei ) as the nuclear force . <SEP> what
however , a residual of the force is observed between hadrons ( the best known example being the force that acts between nucleons in atomic nuclei ) as the nuclear force . <SEP> what
here the strong force acts indirectly , transmitted as gluons , which form part of the virtual pi and rho mesons , which classically transmit the nuclear force ( see this topic for more ) . <SEP> how
the weak force is due to the exchange of the heavy w and z bosons . <SEP> what
its most familiar effect is beta decay ( of neutrons in atomic nuclei ) and the associated radioactivity . <SEP> what
its most familiar effect is beta decay ( of neutrons in atomic nuclei ) and the associated radioactivity . <SEP> what
the word " weak " derives from the fact that the field strength is some 1013 times less than that of the strong force . <SEP> how many times
a consistent electroweak theory has also been developed , which shows that electromagnetic forces and the weak force are indistinguishable at a temperatures in excess of approximately 1015 kelvins . <SEP> at what
the normal force is due to repulsive forces of interaction between atoms at close contact . <SEP> what
when their electron clouds overlap , pauli repulsion ( due to fermionic nature of electrons ) follows resulting in the force that acts in a direction normal to the surface interface between two objects . :93 the normal force , for example , is responsible for the structural integrity of tables and floors as well as being the force that responds whenever an external force pushes on a solid object . <SEP> what
when their electron clouds overlap , pauli repulsion ( due to fermionic nature of electrons ) follows resulting in the force that acts in a direction normal to the surface interface between two objects . :93 the normal force , for example , is responsible for the structural integrity of tables and floors as well as being the force that responds whenever an external force pushes on a solid object . <SEP> what
when their electron clouds overlap , pauli repulsion ( due to fermionic nature of electrons ) follows resulting in the force that acts in a direction normal to the surface interface between two objects . :93 the normal force , for example , is responsible for the structural integrity of tables and floors as well as being the force that responds whenever an external force pushes on a solid object . <SEP> what
tension forces can be modeled using ideal strings that are massless , frictionless , unbreakable , and unstretchable . <SEP> what
they can be combined with ideal pulleys , which allow ideal strings to switch physical direction . <SEP> what
ideal strings transmit tension forces instantaneously in action-reaction pairs so that if two objects are connected by an ideal string , any force directed along the string by the first object is accompanied by a force directed along the string in the opposite direction by the second object . <SEP> in what way
these tandem effects result ultimately in the conservation of mechanical energy since the work done on the load is the same no matter how complicated the machine . <SEP> what
by connecting the same string multiple times to the same object through the use of a set-up that uses movable pulleys , the tension force on a load can be multiplied . <SEP> what
newton 's laws and newtonian mechanics in general were first developed to describe how forces affect idealized point particles rather than three-dimensional objects . <SEP> what
newton 's laws and newtonian mechanics in general were first developed to describe how forces affect idealized point particles rather than three-dimensional objects . <SEP> what
for example , in extended fluids , differences in pressure result in forces being directed along the pressure gradients as follows : <SEP> in what kind of fluid
however , in real life , matter has extended structure and forces that act on one part of an object might affect other parts of an object . <SEP> what
however , in real life , matter has extended structure and forces that act on one part of an object might affect other parts of an object . <SEP> what
the stress tensor accounts for forces that cause all strains ( deformations ) including also tensile stresses and compressions . :133–134:38-1–38-11 <SEP> what
this formalism includes pressure terms associated with forces that act normal to the cross-sectional area ( the matrix diagonals of the tensor ) as well as shear terms associated with forces that act parallel to the cross-sectional area ( the off-diagonal elements ) . <SEP> what
this formalism includes pressure terms associated with forces that act normal to the cross-sectional area ( the matrix diagonals of the tensor ) as well as shear terms associated with forces that act parallel to the cross-sectional area ( the off-diagonal elements ) . <SEP> what
this formalism includes pressure terms associated with forces that act normal to the cross-sectional area ( the matrix diagonals of the tensor ) as well as shear terms associated with forces that act parallel to the cross-sectional area ( the off-diagonal elements ) . <SEP> what
torque is the rotation equivalent of force in the same way that angle is the rotational equivalent for position , angular velocity for velocity , and angular momentum for momentum . <SEP> what
as a consequence of newton 's first law of motion , there exists rotational inertia that ensures that all bodies maintain their angular momentum unless acted upon by an unbalanced torque . <SEP> what
likewise , newton 's second law of motion can be used to derive an analogous equation for the instantaneous angular acceleration of the rigid body : <SEP> what
this means that the unbalanced centripetal force felt by any object is always directed toward the center of the curving path . <SEP> where
such forces act perpendicular to the velocity vector associated with the motion of an object , and therefore do not change the speed of the object ( magnitude of the velocity ) , but only the direction of the velocity vector . <SEP> how
this yields both the tangential force , which accelerates the object by either slowing it down or speeding it up , and the radial ( centripetal ) force , which changes its direction . <SEP> what force
this yields both the tangential force , which accelerates the object by either slowing it down or speeding it up , and the radial ( centripetal ) force , which changes its direction . <SEP> what
this yields both the tangential force , which accelerates the object by either slowing it down or speeding it up , and the radial ( centripetal ) force , which changes its direction . <SEP> what
a conservative force that acts on a closed system has an associated mechanical work that allows energy to convert only between kinetic or potential forms . <SEP> what
a conservative force that acts on a closed system has an associated mechanical work that allows energy to convert only between kinetic or potential forms . <SEP> what
this means that for a closed system , the net mechanical energy is conserved whenever a conservative force acts on the system . <SEP> what
the force , therefore , is related directly to the difference in potential energy between two different locations in space , and can be considered to be an artifact of the potential field in the same way that the direction and amount of a flow of water can be considered to be an artifact of the contour map of the elevation of an area . <SEP> what
the force , therefore , is related directly to the difference in potential energy between two different locations in space , and can be considered to be an artifact of the potential field in the same way that the direction and amount of a flow of water can be considered to be an artifact of the contour map of the elevation of an area . <SEP> what
for certain physical scenarios , it is impossible to model forces as being due to gradient of potentials . <SEP> what
for certain physical scenarios , it is impossible to model forces as being due to gradient of potentials . <SEP> why
for example , friction is caused by the gradients of numerous electrostatic potentials between the atoms , but manifests as a force model that is independent of any macroscale position vector . <SEP> what
the connection between macroscopic nonconservative forces and microscopic conservative forces is described by detailed treatment with statistical mechanics . <SEP> in what treatment
in macroscopic closed systems , nonconservative forces act to change the internal energies of the system , and are often associated with the transfer of heat . <SEP> what changes macroscopic
in macroscopic closed systems , nonconservative forces act to change the internal energies of the system , and are often associated with the transfer of heat . <SEP> what
according to the second law of thermodynamics , nonconservative forces necessarily result in energy transformations within closed systems from ordered to more random conditions as entropy increases . <SEP> what
according to the second law of thermodynamics , nonconservative forces necessarily result in energy transformations within closed systems from ordered to more random conditions as entropy increases . <SEP> what
the pound-force has a metric counterpart , less commonly used than the newton : the kilogram-force ( kgf ) ( sometimes kilopond ) , is the force exerted by standard gravity on one kilogram of mass . <SEP> what
the pound-force has a metric counterpart , less commonly used than the newton : the kilogram-force ( kgf ) ( sometimes kilopond ) , is the force exerted by standard gravity on one kilogram of mass . <SEP> what
the kilogram-force leads to an alternate , but rarely used unit of mass : the metric slug ( sometimes mug or hyl ) is that mass that accelerates at 1 m·s−2 when subjected to a force of 1 kgf . <SEP> what
other arcane units of force include the sthène , which is equivalent to 1000 n , and the kip , which is equivalent to 1000 lbf . <SEP> what
other arcane units of force include the sthène , which is equivalent to 1000 n , and the kip , which is equivalent to 1000 lbf . <SEP> what
