represented the afc at super bowl 50 ?
represented the nfc at super bowl 50 ?
won super bowl 50 ?
was used to emphasize the 50th anniversary of the super bowl ?
was the theme of super bowl 50 ?
was the game played on ?
is the afc short for ?
was the theme of super bowl 50 ?
does afc stand for ?
was the super bowl played on ?
won super bowl 50 ?
if roman numerals were used , would super bowl 50 have been called ?
super bowl 50 decided the nfl champion season ?
did the denver broncos secure a super bowl title for the third time ?
did super bowl 50 take place in ?
was the final score of super bowl 50 ?
month , day and year did super bowl 50 take place ?
was super bowl 50 ?
was the afc champion ?
was the nfc champion ?
won super bowl 50 ?
super bowl 50 determined the nfl champion season ?
won super bowl 50 .
is ?
was named most valuable player ?
have the denver broncos made in the super bowl ?
was the carolina panthers franchise founded ?
did the panthers defeat ?
did the broncos prevent from going to the super bowl ?
did the panthers beat in the nfc championship game ?
lost to the broncos in the afc championship ?
were the defending super bowl champions ?
have been in the super bowl eight times ?
was this season 's nfl mvp ?
was the win/loss ratio in 2015 for the carolina panthers during their regular season ?
was picked as the team 's mvp in 2015 ?
were the win/loss game stats for the denver bronco 's regular season in 2015 ?
have played in the super bowl eight times ?
did not get a chance to defend their super bowl xlix win in super bowl 50 ?
is the quarterback for the panthers ?
did carolina beat in the nfc championship game ?
have the panthers been in the super bowl ?
did denver beat in the afc championship ?
was the most valuable player for the 2015 nfl season ?
did denver beat in the 2015 afc championship game ?
did the carolina panthers beat in the 2015 nfc championship game ?
was the 2015 nfl mvp ?
did the panthers beat to become the nfc champs ?
was the super bowl 50 mvp ?
fumbles did von miller force in super bowl 50 ?
held the scoring lead throughout the entire game ?
was named super bowl mvp ?
solo tackles did von miller make at super bowl 50 ?
was limited by denver 's defense ?
was cam newton sacked ?
won the super bowl mvp ?
did cam newton have ?
did von miller force ?
was given the esteemed status of mvp for super bowl 50 ?
does von miller play for the denver broncos ?
was the number of solo tackles that von miller had in super bowl 50 ?
forced fumbles did von miller have during the super bowl 50 game ?
won the mvp for the super bowl ?
was cam newton sacked in super bowl 50 ?
did the denver defense force newton into turnovers ?
resulted in seven points for denver ?
was the most valuable player of super bowl 50 ?
does von miller play ?
was the panthers ' quarterback sacked ?
did the broncos cause turnovers in the game ?
caused two fumbles for the panthers ?
tackles did von miller accomlish by himself in the game ?
broadcasted super bowl 50 in the u.s. ?
was the average cost for a 30 second commercial during super bowl 50 ?
headlined the super bowl 50 halftime show ?
joined the headliner during the super bowl 50 halftime show ?
did beyonce headline the halftime show ?
was the broadcaster for super bowl 50 in the united states ?
was the average cost of a 30-second commercial ?
previously headlined super bowl xlvii ?
previously headlined super bowl xlviii ?
was the main performer at this year 's halftime show ?
broadcasted the 50th super bowl game ?
was the average cost for a tv ad lasting 30 seconds during super bowl 50 ?
was the male singer who performed as a special guest during super bowl 50 ?
does the super bowl 50 halftime show have on the list of most watched tv broadcasts ?
aired the super bowl ?
did a 1/2 minute commercial cost ?
headlined half-time during super bowl 50 ?
came out with coldplay during the half-time show ?
broadcast the super bowl on tv ?
headlined the halftime show for super bowl 50 ?
were special guests for the super bowl halftime show ?
did beyoncé headline ?
was the cost for a half minute ad ?
lead the super bowl 50 halftime performance ?
were part of the super bowl 50 halftime ?
lead the super bowl xlviii halftime show ?
was the nfl commissioner in early 2012 ?
did roger goodell speak about ?
did roger goodell call super bowl 50 ` an important game for us as a league ' ?
is the commissioner of the national football league ?
did he make the quoted remarks about super bowl 50 ?
was the commissioner of the nfl in 2012 ?
if the commissioner of the nfl ?
is the commissioner of the nfl ?
did the nfl commissioner use to describe what super bowl 50 was intended to be ?
did roger goodell announce that super bowl 50 would be " important " ?
was one of three considered for super bowl 50 ?
was one of three considered for super bowl 50 ?
was one of three considered for super bowl 50 ?
was a candidate for the site of super bowl 50 ?
is located in the san francisco bay area ?
is the name of san francisco 's stadium when looked at as a possibility for super bowl 50 ?
was the name of new orleans ' superdome at the time that super bowl 50 took place ?
was the given name of miami 's stadium at the time of super bowl 50 ?
did the nfl decide between for the game ?
did the nfl narrow down super bowl 50 's location to ?
one of the sites , merceds-benz superdome , is located ?
is the name of the stadium in miami that was considered ?
is the name of the stadium in san francisco bay area ?
was considered for super bowl 50 ?
was considered for super bowl 50 ?
is the name of the stadium where super bowl 50 was played ?
were the two finalists for hosting super bowl 50 announced ?
has the south florida/miami area hosted the super bowl ?
was the most recent super bowl hosted in the south florida/miami area ?
was the most recent super bowl hosted in the south florida/miami area ?
did the san francisco bay area last host the super bowl ?
was the other finalist besides levi 's stadium ?
were the finalists announced ?
did super bowl xix take place ?
did the florida legislature decide against the plan to renovate the miami stadium ?
was the super bowl last held in the miami/south florida area ?
has a super bowl taken place at miami 's sun life stadium ?
was the last super bowl that took place at sun life stadium in miami ?
in 2012 , were named as finalists for hosting super bowl 50 before the final stadium was chosen ?
was the entity that stepped in and caused miami 's sun life stadium to no longer be in the running to host super bowl 50 ?
did san francisco last host a super bowl ?
has hosted the super bowl ten times ?
were the top two stadium choices for super bowl 50 announced ?
prios has the sun life stadium had super bowls ?
is tied with miami for hosting the super bowl ?
was the last time san francisco hosted a super bowl ?
decided not to approve paying for renovations at sun life stadium that the league wanted for them to do to host super bowl 50 ?
was levi 's stadium awarded the right to host super bowl 50 ?
voted on the venue for super bowl 50 ?
did lev 's stadium open ?
did it cost to build levi 's stadium ?
hosted the super bowl ?
did the spring meetings of the nfl owners take place ?
was super bowl 50 given to levi 's stadium ?
did it cost to build levi 's stadium ?
prior to super bowl 50 , was the last super bowl in california ?
did the last super bowl in california occur ?
did levi 's stadium become fully approved to host super bowl 50 ?
did levi 's stadium open to the public ?
did it cost to build the stadium where super bowl 50 was played ?
did a super bowl play in the bay area around san francisco , prior to super bowl 50 ?
was hosted in san diego in 2003 ?
was san francisco voted to be the location for super bowl 50 ?
did levi 's stadium open ?
was the last super bowl in california ?
was the meeting held when the nfl owners voted on the location for super bowl 50 ?
was levi 's stadium picked for super bowl 50 ?
did levi 's stadium open ?
did levi 's stadium cost ?
was the last time california hosted a super bowl ?
coached each super bowl 50 participant in their most recent super bowl appearance prior to super bowl 50 ?
nfl teams have finished the regular season with one loss ?
nfl teams have gone 15-1 in one season ?
had a 15-1 record ?
was the last super bowl the broncos participated in ?
was the head coach of the broncos in super bowl xlviii ?
was the number of times the denver broncos played in a super bowl by the time they reached super bowl 50 ?
nfl teams have had only one loss by the end of a regular season ?
was the first super bowl that the carolina panthers played in ?
can boast a 15 -- 1 regular season record ?
was the carolina panthers ?
was the denver broncos ?
prior to super bowl 50 , were the broncos last there ?
prior to super bowl 50 , were the carolina panthers last there ?
have had a 15-1 record for the regular season ?
did the panthers lose in the regular season before super bowl 50 ?
up to super bowl 50 have been to the championship game eight times ?
before super bowl 50 , was the coach 's name that coached both teams for their last super bowl appearances ?
suffered a torn acl before the season began ?
have won 15 regular season games since the 16-game schedule was adopted ?
did the nfl switch to a 16-game regular season ?
had the best record in the nfc ?
panthers went to the pro bowl ?
panthers were designated all-pro ?
tore his acl in the preseason ?
did the league begin having schedules with 16 games in them ?
did the the saints hit a 13-0 record ?
did the packers arrive at a record of 13-0 ?
did the carolina panthers lose kelvin benjamin to during their preseason ?
did the panthers lose to an acl injury in a preseason game ?
running back did the panthers waive ?
did the nfl start their 16 game seasons ?
were selected to the pro bowl ?
had the best regular season in their history ?
did the league go from 15 to 16 games in the regular season ?
had the best start ever in the nfl ?
were chosen for the 2015 season 's pro bowl ?
pro bowlers were on the panthers offense ?
did cam newton score ?
did cam newton throw ?
did ted ginn jr. return ?
started at tight end for the panthers ?
is the record number of touchdowns cam newton has had ?
is the best qb ranking that cam newton holds ?
are the most passes that greg olsen has had ?
scored 6 tds in the 13 games leading up to super bowl 50 ?
were selected to play in the pro bowl ?
is the quarterback for the carolina panthers ?
did newton throw for in 2015 ?
did newton have in 2015 ?
did carolina lead the nfl in scoring for offensive plays ?
did newton get for passes in the 2015 season ?
did newton get in the 2015 season ?
was newton 's quarterback rating for 2015 ?
did cotchery get for the 2015 season ?
did the panthers defense surrender ?
did jared allen have ?
tackles did luke kuechly register ?
did josh norman intercept ?
registered the most sacks on the team this season ?
are the panthers defense credited with in 2015 ?
led the panthers in sacks ?
were selected for the pro bowl ?
had the most interceptions for the season ?
did the panthers ' defense get ?
had five sacks in nine games as a carolina panthers starter ?
was the panthers ' tackle leader for 2015 ?
is the head coach of the broncos ?
played quarterback for the broncos after peyton manning was benched ?
did peyton manning play for as a rookie ?
did the broncos play in the last week of the regular season ?
is denver 's defensive coordinator ?
was john fox the head coach of the denver broncos ?
is the name of the bronco 's head coach , who was hired after john fox ?
was the first team peyton manning began playing for ?
was peyton manning in 2015 ?
in the 10th week of the 2015 season , was peyton manning dealing with ?
john fox left as head coach for the broncos , who replaced him ?
was the quarterback for the broncos 2015 season ?
did manning suffer the summer before the season started ?
was manning at the beginning of the 2015 season ?
did the broncos lose during their regular 2015 season ?
left the broncos after the season prior to super bowl 50 ?
according to game stats , super bowl 50 quarterback had his worst year since his first season as a player in the nfl ?
was the denver head coach for super bowl 50 ?
was injured on manning that sidelined him in week 10 ?
was the defensive coordinator for the broncos in 2015 ?
was peyton manning 's passer rating for the season ?
did peyton manning throw in the season ?
registered the most receptions on the broncos ?
had the most rushing yards on the broncos ?
did brock osweiler throw in the season ?
was the passer rating for peyton manning that he finished out with for the season ?
may yards did peyton manning throw ?
was the number of 17 interceptions that peyton manning had by end of the year ?
had the most receptions out of all players for the year ?
does demaryius thomas play ?
was manning 's passer rating at the end of the season ?
was manning intercepted during the 2015 season ?
led the broncos with 105 receptions ?
did ronnie hillman make ?
was manning 's passer rating for the 2015 season ?
interceptions did manning have in 2015 ?
caught the ball 76 times in the 2015 season ?
was the broncos ' leading rusher for the 2015 season ?
was ronnie hillman 's average yards per carry in 2015 ?
did the broncos ' defense give up ?
did derek wolfe register ?
was first on the team in total tackles ?
does demarcus currently play ?
does brandon marshall currently play ?
is the position derek wolfe plays currently ?
did the broncos defense allow their opponents to get ?
had the most sacks on the team ?
led the broncos in tackles ?
forced four fumbles for the broncos in the 2015 season ?
had 109 tackels for the 2015 season ?
ranked at 5 percent for sacks ?
lost to the panthers in the divisional round of the playoffs ?
did the panthers face in the nfc championship game ?
did the panthers have in the nfc championship ?
did arizona turn the ball over in the nfc championship ?
was the final score of the game between the panthers and the seahawks ?
was the team the carolina panthers played immediately prior to the nfc championship game ?
was the score of the last game the carolina panthers played prior to the nfc championship ?
did the carolina panthers gain in the 487 in the nfc championship game ?
did carolina beat in the divisional round ?
did the panthers play to advance to the super bowl ?
turnovers did the panthers force during the nfc championship game ?
did the panthers beat in the divisional round ?
was the score for the 2015 nfc championship game ?
did the panthers play in their division championship game ?
did the panthers get for the division championshipt game ?
lost to the broncos in the divisional round ?
did the broncos score in the last three minutes of the game versus pittsburgh ?
won super bowl xlix ?
was the final score of the afc championship game ?
remained on the clock when the broncos made the interception that clinched the afc championship game ?
was the divisional round winner between the broncos and steelers ?
was the final score of the game between the broncos and steelers ?
won super bowl xlix ?
were left in the game when the broncos intercepted the pass that won the game ?
during the bronco 's playoff games , did not throw at all ?
did the broncos beat in the divisional game ?
did the broncos score in the final three minutes of the pittsburgh game ?
did the broncos defeat in the afc championship game ?
did the broncos beat to win their division in 2015 ?
did the broncos beat tp become the afc champions ?
were left in the game when the patriots failed their 2-point conversion ?
was injured in the nfc championship game ?
did thomas davis suffer in the nfc championship ?
had thomas davis torn his acl in his career ?
has thomas davis played in the nfl ?
did thomas davis suffer from repeatedly , for a total of three times , during his career ?
did thomas davis break during the nfc championship game ?
has thomas davis played in the nfl ?
did thomas davis say he would play in , despite breaking a bone earlier on ?
acl injuries has thomas davis had during his career ?
did thomas davis suffer during the playoff games ?
had thomas davis played in the league when he broke his arm during the nfc championship game ?
suffered a broken arm in the nfc championship game ?
was peyton manning when he played in super bowl 50 ?
previously held the record for being the oldest quarterback to play in a super bowl ?
was john elway when he played in super bowl xxxiii ?
does john elway currently have in the broncos franchise ?
did john elway play for in super bowl xxxiii ?
was the winner of super bowl xxxiii ?
is the general manager for the broncos ?
was elway during his super bowl xxxiii win ?
has the record of being the oldest quarter back in any super bowl game ?
has manning played for that reached the super bowl , while he was on their team ?
peyton manning took ?
is the oldest quarterback to play in a super bowl ?
prior to manning , was the oldest quarterback to play in a super bowl ?
did elway win at 38 years old ?
was the first quarterback to take two teams to more than one super bowl ?
was manning when he played super bowl 50 ?
is the name of the quarterback who was 38 in super bowl xxxiii ?
was manning picked # 1 in the nfl draft ?
was newton the first selection in the nfl draft ?
was newton during super bowl 50 ?
was manning than newton during super bowl 50 ?
was the # 2 pick in the 2011 nfl draft ?
was considered to be the first choice in the nfl draft of 1998 ?
in 2011 , was the first player to be chosen in the nfl draft ?
was newton during super bowl 50 ?
did newton play during super bowl 50 ?
was the number two draft pick for 2011 ?
did newton hold the number one draft pick position ?
was newton in super bowl 50 ?
was the age difference between newton and manning in super bowl 50 ?
did rivera play ?
did rivera play for in super bowl xx ?
did rivera play in super bowl xx ?
was replaced by kubiak in super bowl xxiv ?
did kubiak play for in super bowl xxi ?
did rivera play in super bowl xx ?
did kubiak take the place of after super bowl xxiv ?
was the panthers head coach for the 2015 season ?
did rivera play in as a player ?
slipped on the levi 's stadium turf in week 6 of the 2015 nfl season ?
is the name of the turf used in levi 's stadium for the super bowl ?
is the field director of the nfl ?
did justin tucker play for ?
did justin tucker play ?
did the turf collapse under during a game in the levi 's stadium ?
does tucker play for with the ravens ?
was used to sod the levi 's stadium for super bowl 50 ?
had a portion of the turf collapse , causing him to miss a field goal ?
did the nfl do to the playing field at levi 's stadium before the super bowl ?
covered the new field at levi 's stadium ?
did a lot of players need to change during super bowl 50 because of the condition of the field ?
did the field problem at levi 's stadium affect for a field goal in week six of the regular season ?
is usually chosen for super bowl games ?
was designated as the home team in the super bowl ?
was the final score of super bowl xxxiii ?
lost super bowl xxxiii ?
did the broncos wear in super bowl 50 ?
was elway 's final game as the denver quarterback ?
was the last game that elway played as a quarterback for denver ?
was the final score for super bowl xxxiii ?
did the denver broncos play in super bowl xxxiii ?
were the bronco 's uniforms in super bowl 50 ?
did the broncos wear for super bowl 50 ?
is the only other afc champion team to wear road jerseys in a super bowl ?
was th elast super bowl where the broncos wore white uniforms ?
was the color of the jerseys in super bowl xxxii when elway was quarterback ?
has denver 0-4 ?
since denver chose white , did carolina wear in super bowl 50 ?
at did the panthers practice ?
at did the broncos practice ?
city 's marriott did the panthers stay ?
city 's marriott did the broncos stay ?
did the panthers stay in during super bowl 50 ?
was the name of the hotel the panthers chose to stay in during super bowl 50 ?
did the panthers practice at for super bowl 50 ?
did the broncos practice at for super bowl 50 ?
did the panthers practice for the super bowl ?
did the panthers stay at for the super bowl ?
did the broncos practice for the super bowl ?
did the broncos use for super bowl 50 ?
was the practice place the panthers used for the super bowl ?
hotel did the panthers stay at ?
did the broncos practice for the super bowl ?
did the broncos stay at for super bowl 50 ?
did the nfl announce the suspension of using roman numerals to brand the super bowl ?
was the first super bowl branded with roman numerals ?
is the nfl 's vice president of brand and creative ?
was the first super bowl to use the standardized logo template ?
is the trophy featured on the logo named for ?
was it declared that no roman numerals would be used in the name of the 50th super bowl ?
, after the 50th one , will begin have roman numerals in the title again ?
if roman numerals were used in the naming of the 50th super bowl , one would have been used ?
are the numbers in the super bowl 50 logo ?
did the nfl announce that it would not use roman numbers to designate the super bowl number ?
rather than roman numerals , did the nfl decide to use ?
is the roman numeral for 50 ?
normally silver , was used for the number 50 ?
will roman numerals be used again to denote the super bowl number ?
did the latest super bowl use to designate the game number ?
is the roman numeral going to be for super bowl 51 ?
was featured in promotions related to super bowl 50 ?
did sideline jackets and hats start to feature gold-trimmed logos ?
was painted gold ?
was used to create the 50-yard line in levi 's stadium for the season leading up to the super bowl 50 game ?
were the footballs handed out to a variety of high schools , leading up to super bowl 50 ?
because of the gold theme , was super bowl 50 known as ?
was given to high schools where former students went on to play or coach in a super bowl ?
was a gold color for all teams during the season ?
since this was the 50th one , was the theme color for the super bowl ?
did the nfl experience take place ?
is the moscone center located ?
is the mayor of san francisco ?
is the city supervisor of san francisco ?
was the opening of " super bowl city " ?
were estimated to go to the different game-themed events during the week prior to super bowl 50 in the city it was held in ?
was the mayor of san francisco during super bowl 50 ?
was the nfl experience held at for super bowl 50 ?
was the name of the event at the the embarcadero that was held prior to super bowl 50 to help show off some of the things that san francisco has to offer ?
was the nfl experience held for the 2015 season ?
opened on january 30th at the justin herman plaza ?
is the mayor of san francisco ?
associated thing started at justin herman plaza in january ?
are likely to visit justin herman plaza during the week of the super bowl ?
said the homeless in the area would have to leave ?
did san francisco get for providing services for the super bowl ?
did the moscone center host ?
is bellomy field located ?
is being spent on other super bowl-related events ?
long will the event at santa clara convention center last ?
was held ?
helped to pay for the festivities , beyond businesses and individuals ?
was a beer , wine and food festival held at prior to the super bowl ?
helped find sponsors and donors to help with the cost ?
set aside seed funding for the week-long event leading up to the super bowl ?
was the cost of the other super bowl events in the san francisco area ?
may have been called upon to fund the festival associated with the super bowl in santa clara ?
was super bowl opening night held ?
does the super bowl media day traditionally take place ?
is sap center located ?
a replica of was present at super bowl opening night ?
as a norm , is the traditional media day held prior to a super bowl ?
was media day held on for super bowl 50 ?
was the name of the media day event for super bowl 50 ?
is the name of the property where the media event was held for super bowl 50 ?
was the media event held for super bowl 50 ?
is the game 's media day usually held ?
was given to the media day ?
was media day for super bowl 50 held ?
was used for player introductions ?
was super bowl 50 media day switched to ?
was media day called for super bowl 50 ?
was the new media day event for super bowl 50 held ?
had a model of it at the super bowl opening night ?
was super bowl opening night held ?
is the name of the program that provides contracting work to local companies ?
has been raised by the host committee ?
was a super bowl sponsor ?
was a super bowl sponsor ?
was a super bowl sponsor ?
committee made an effort to invite companies owned by people , who are transgender or gay , to take part in contract business associated with super bowl 50 .
did the committee raise ?
did the committee raise the money ?
is the super bowl program called that gives local companies business opportunities for the super bowl ?
is the name of the service that gets local businesses contract chances with the super bowl ?
according to the text , did the host committee raise ?
will be used for charitable causes ?
is the name of the host committee 's charitable initiative ?
were given as charitable funds to causes in and around san francisco ?
was the name of the fund setup to help with investing in the community ?
the super bowl 50 host committee said it would be the most ever ?
will the host committee dedicate to local charities ?
is the name of the fund that focuses on youth , community and sustainable environments ?
raised was earmarked for causes in the san francisco area ?
was the name of the work to give grants for youth development and other things ?
is the trophy given to the super bowl champion named for ?
designed the vince lombardi trophy ?
is the name of the trophy given to anyone who plays on the winning team in a super bowl ?
is the designer of the " 50 ? "
is the name of the trophy that all super bowl winners receive ?
designs both the " 50 " as well as the trophy ?
on television station could an american viewer watch the game ?
, with jim nantz , was a member of the game 's lead broadcast team ?
shared sideline duties with evan washburn ?
did eyevision 360 utilize ?
was the resolution of the cameras used in the eyevision 360 system ?
are considered to be the principal partners , when it comes to broadcasting nfl events ?
was tracy wolfson announcing from during the super bowl 50 game ?
new cameras were introduced for the game , degree of view do they provide viewers ?
were the cameras increased to for the game ?
was evan washburn located while announcing during the game ?
aired the super bowl ?
does the nfl have ?
were the super bowl 50 sideline announcers ?
were the eyevision cameras changed to ?
broadcast the game in spanish ?
reported on the sideline for espn deportes ?
provided spanish-language commentary alongside raul allegre ?
did espn deportes announce their deal with cbs and the nfl ?
did espn deportes broadcast the game ?
broadcasted super bowl 50 in spanish ?
exclusively broadcast the game in spanish after reaching an agreement with the nfl and cbs ?
was the sideline reporter for espn deportes ?
did the spanish version of the super bowl ?
were the espn deportes commentators for super bowl 50 ?
was the espn deportes sideline commentator for super bowl 50 ?
did verizon customers need to use to stream the game on their smartphones ?
could the espn deportes broadcast be streamed ?
provided a stream ?
was the cbs sports app available ?
supported the cbs sports app ?
was the domain name of the site that streamed the super bowl 50 game ?
could viewers stream the game on ?
were the only people who could stream the game on their phones ?
did viewers use to watch the game on their smartphones ?
had exclusive streaming rights on mobile phones ?
were verizon customers able to watch super bowl 50 on their phones ?
did cbs provide of the super bowl 50 broadcast for its website , some apps and media players ?
had the only contract for the super bowl to be shown on smartphones ?
was the espn deportes spanish version of super bowl 50 available ?
followed immediately after super bowl 50 on cbs ?
aired on cbs after late local programming ?
show played immediately after super bowl 50 ended ?
talk show played , after the main one that began immediately after super bowl 50 ?
cbs show followed the super bowl ?
followed the late show with stephen colbert ?
followed the late local programming after super bowl 50 ?
was the base rate for a 30-second ad during super bowl 50 ?
signed a contract allowing them to broadcast ads at a discount ?
sponsored the " crash the super bowl " contest ?
was celebrated during the super bowl ?
was the starting cost for a tv commercial lasting 30 seconds and airing during super bowl 50 ?
was given permission to air tv commercials during super bowl 50 at a discounted price ?
held a contest whereupon contestants could enter for a chance to have their own commercial shown during super bowl 50 ?
debuted their ad for the first time during super bowl 50 ?
made their super bowl commercial debut with nintendo ?
has been able to air multiple ads at a steep discount ?
has held contests for fans to create their own ad for the company ?
was in its last year for getting super bowl commercials at a big discount ?
was this the last super bowl they would let customers have an opportunity to get their own commercial ideas aired ?
was the doritos customer super bowl ad campaign called ?
was the name of the contest sponsored by quickbooks ?
won a free advertisement due to the quickbooks contest ?
was the death wish coffee commercial ?
participated in the contest ?
won a contest to have their ad shown for free during super bowl 50 ?
did the company , that had their ad shown for free , beat out ?
sponsored a contest called " small business big game " ?
had a commercial aired for free as a result of the quickbooks contest ?
had a contest to win a free super bowl commercial ?
won the competition to get a free super bowl commercial aired ?
debuted during the super bowl ?
was shown during the super bowl ?
along with 10 cloverfield lane , paramount trailer appeared during the super bowl ?
was the subtitle of the independence day movie that had a trailer during the super bowl ?
did lionsgate pay to have the trailer aired during the super bowl ?
universal paid for the secret life of pets and other film trailer ?
disney paid for the jungle book , alice through the looking glass , and to be aired during the game ?
did fox pay to advertise a sequel of during the super bowl ?
paid to have the next jason bourne movie ad shown during the super bowl ?
paid for a super bowl 50 ad to show a trailer of x-men : apocalypse ?
did play-by-play on westwood one ?
handled pre-game coverage on westwood one ?
served as a color analyst for the radio broadcast ?
shared sideline reporting duties with mark malone ?
analysts were involved with super bowl 50 ?
announced the game play-by-play for super bowl 50 ?
will carry the game throughout all of north america ?
is the play-by-play announcer for the game ?
covered the halftime coverage ?
was the announcer for westwood one 's super bowl 50 coverage ?
were the westwood one color analysts ?
were the westwood one sideline announcers ?
did jim gray cover ?
did the westwood one broadcast cover ?
is located at 103.5 fm on the dial in denver ?
handled play-by-play for the denver radio market ?
is the frequency of the radio station wbt in north carolina ?
is wbt-fm located ?
did play-by-play for the wbt broadcast ?
handled the play-by-play for the denver radio stations ?
handled the color commentary for denver 's radio stations ?
covered the game for north carolina ?
handled the play-by-play for wbt ?
in denver carried super bowl 50 ?
carried the super bowl 50 game ?
will carry the game in the united kingdom ?
aside from bbc radio 5 , will broadcast the game ?
makes up the bbc commentary team with greg brady and rocky boiman ?
will carry the super bowl ?
british commentators include , darren fletcher , rocky boiman and ?
was the most valuable player of super bowl ii ?
won the mvp in super bowl v ?
was the most valuable player of super bowl xli ?
did harvey martin die ?
is the present quarterback of the broncos ?
appeared together at the pregame show ?
was shown in the locker room ?
died in 2001 ?
have been awarded the most valuable player distinction for the super bowl ?
were present for a pregame ceremony ?
was the mvp of super bowl i and ii ?
was the mvp of super bowl xli ?
died in 2001 ?
grammys has lady gaga won ?
did lady gaga sing ?
has marlee matlin won ?
did marlee matlin translate ?
did marlee matlin translate the national anthem ?
sang the national anthem ?
did the asl translation for the game ?
did the national anthem at super bowl 50 ?
did sign language for the national anthem at superbowl 50 ?
did the super bowl 50 national anthem ?
grammy award 's does the text say lady gaga has won ?
did the sign language of the national anthem at super bowl 50 ?
did the nfl announce that coldplay would headline the halftime show ?
is the band coldplay ?
did beyoncé headline the halftime show ?
was the name of the single that coldplay and beyoncé collaborated on ?
did bruno mars headline ?
lead the halftime show of super bowl 50 ?
confirmed that beyoncé would participate in the super bowl 50 halftime show ?
did coldplay and beyoncé collaborate on for the super bowl 50 halftime show ?
headlined the super bowl 50 halftime show ?
on january 7 , 2016 , it was confirmed that start would join coldplay for the halftime show ?
did beyoncé and coldplay collaborate on ?
joined coldplay and beyoncé for the super bowl 50 halftime show ?
received the opening kickoff ?
was at the receiving end of a 22-yard pass from peyton manning ?
lost 3 yards on a tackle by shaq thompson ?
kicked a field goal for denver ?
ran the ball twice for 20 yards on this drive ?
was the pass on the first drive ?
tackled ronnie hillman for a loss of yardage ?
kicked the field goal for denver on the first drive of super bowl 50 ?
had the first kickoff ?
did peyton manning complete an 18 yard pass to on the opening drive ?
took the ball to the panthers 14 yard line ?
scored the first points for denver ?
did carolina face in the opening drive that they had not faced the entire postseason ?
served as an analyst for cbs ?
was ruled incomplete ?
stripped the ball from cam newton while sacking him on this drive ?
recovered possession of the ball in the end zone ?
was the last where a fumble was returned for a touchdown ?
received the pass that was ruled incomplete and confirmed after a challenge ?
did not agree with the ruling of the incomplete pass ?
, according to the text , caused cam newton to lose the ball during a tackle ?
received the ball that cam newton lost during a tackle to make it a denver touchdown ?
was the last time a fumble return touchdown like this occurred ?
disagreed with the outcome of the challenge of a incomplete pass ?
sacked newton a few plays after the challenge ?
recovered the fumble and ran the ball in for a touchdown ?
is the last time a fumble return touchdown happened in a super bowl ?
ran for a carolina touchdown to make the score 10 -- 7 ?
did brad nortman 's punt travel ?
did jordan norwood return a punt to set the super bowl record ?
was the mcmanus field goal ?
did cam newton get for his 4 of 4 passes ?
got a touchdown making the score 10-7 ?
was left in the quarter when stewart got the touchdown ?
got a 61-yard return when players thought he called for a fair catch but did not ?
was the field goal that made the score 13-7 in super bowl 50 ?
scored the panthers first touchdown ?
did denver score at the end of the drive ?
tackled mike tolbert and caused a fumble ?
does danny trevathan play ?
tipped a manning pass to himself and picked it off ?
was sacked as the first half clock expired ?
sacked cam newton at the end of the half ?
fumbled the ball when tackled by darian stewart ?
tipped peyton 's pass for an interception ?
did the interception gain when the ball was tipped away from manning ?
tackled the carolina panthers ' quarterback just before the end of the first half ?
fumbled the ball after a darian stewart tackle ?
recovered tolbert 's fumble ?
intercepted a manning pass , giving the ball back to the panthers ?
did the drive end for the panthers ?
sacked newton with 11 seconds left in the first half ?
was on the receiving end of a 45-yard pass from cam newton ?
missed a field goal for the panthers ?
was the missed field goal ?
was successful on a 33-yard field goal ?
picked off cam newton and subsequently fumbled the ball ?
did newton complete a 45 yard pass to on the opening drive of the second half ?
did gano hit on his 44-yard field goal attempt ?
intercepted newton on the panthers ' next set of downs ?
recovered ward 's fumble ?
did newton get a pass to in the panther starting plays of super bowl 50 ?
did the broncos stop the panthers on in their first offensive drive of super bowl 50 ?
hit the goal post on a field goal attempt ?
caught two passes from manning after the failed carolina field goal attempt ?
recovered a manning fumble ?
graham gano kicked a field goal ?
caught a 16-yard pass on this drive ?
had a 12-yard rush on this drive ?
knocked the ball out of manning 's hands on the next play ?
was the ball recovered ?
did the next three drives result in ?
is the last name of the player who bumped the ball away from manning in the fourth quarter of super bowl 50 ?
was the broncos on when manning lost the ball in the fourth quarter ?
was the field goal gano made to make the score 16-10 ?
ended in punts ?
did carolina begin with 4:51 left in the game ?
fumbled the ball on 3rd-and-9 ?
was called for holding on third down ?
punched the ball in from the 2 ?
was the receiver on the successful 2-point conversion ?
stripped the ball from newton on a 3rd and nine ?
recovered the strip ball ?
was criticized for not jumping into the pile to recover the ball ?
got a penalty , which gave the broncos a new set of downs ?
was left in the game when denver took the score to 24-10 ?
was the time on the clock when carolina got the ball to their 24-yard line in the fourth quarter ?
was the last name of the player who took the ball away from newton late in the fourth quarter ?
is the last name of the player who finally recovered the ball newton lost in the fourth quarter ?
was denver kept out of the end zone after getting the ball from newton ?
is the last name of the player who scored a 2-yard touchdown in the fourth quarter ?
did von miller have in the game ?
did manning throw in the game ?
did mcmanus kick in the game ?
played in the super bowl after breaking his arm two weeks before ?
interceptions did manning have at the end of the game ?
did manning have at the end of the game ?
was the game 's leading rusher ?
was the game 's top receiver ?
played even though he broke his arm two weeks prior to the super bowl ?
is the last name of the player who was manning 's top receiver for super bowl 50 ?
is th elast name of the player who was the super bowl 50 winner 's leading rusher ?
did mcmanus succeed at during super bowl 50 ?
did denver gain ?
did denver have ?
had 244 yards in super bowl xxxv ?
returned a punt for 61 yards , setting a new super bowl record ?
is the only quarterback to win a super bowl with two teams ?
did denver have for super bowl 50 ?
did denver have for super bowl 50 ?
did the broncos tie with the most sacks in a super bowl ?
did gary kubiak play for when he was in the super bowl ?
did the panthers have in super bowl 50 ?
did the broncos have in super bowl 50 ?
had the lowest downs and yards ever in the super bowl as of super bowl 50 ?
tie a super bowl record for in sacks ?
has manning won the super bowl with ?
was maria curie the first female recipient of ?
was casimir pulaski born in warsaw ?
was one of the most famous people born in warsaw ?
was frédéric chopin ?
was chopin when he moved to warsaw with his family ?
can be found in the saxon garden ?
is a popular strolling destination for the varsovians ?
was formally only for royalty ?
is the tom of the unknown soldier located at ?
park covers an area of 76 ha .
far from warsaw does the vistula river 's environment change noticeably ?
does the vistula river 's ecosystem include ?
natural reserves are in warsaw ?
are there in warsaw ?
are the small lakes in the parks emptied before winter ?
was warsaw the most diverse of in poland ?
spoke polish in 1933 ?
was jewish in 1897 ?
was there a significant minority of in warsaw ?
is most of warsaw 's modern growth based on ?
is the second academic school of technology in poland ?
does the warsaw university of technology employ ?
is the largest medical school in poland ?
was the university of warsaw established ?
is one of the largest music schools in europe ?
was the university library founded ?
is the university library home to ?
does zbigniew badowski have ?
designed the garden for the university library ?
does the university library garden cover ?
suffered considerably for warsaw when it had an eastern bloc economy ?
was a major success , especially in rebuilding warsaw ?
has warsaw seen many improvements over the past decade ?
warsaw 's sidewalks and sanitation facilities are some examples of things have what ?
are some of the best medical facilities in east-central europe located ?
is the highest reference hospital in all of poland ?
is one of the largest and most modern oncological institutions in europe ?
does the maria sklodowska-curie institute of oncology have ?
has the infrastructure done a lot of over the past years ?
is the teatr wielki ?
does warsaw host many of ?
is the congress hall located ?
warsaw summer jazz days is one of the many hosted by warsaw ?
is the saxon garden in polish ?
was the summer theatre located ?
was the summer theatre in operation ?
was warsaw 's first literary cabaret ?
was the best example of " polish monumental theatre " ?
is the polish word for wreaths ?
man people gather along the banks of the vistula for the wianki festival ?
is the wianki festival held ?
will maidens be able to predict by floating their wreaths down the vistula ?
is sought on midsummer 's eve ?
does the world 's first museum of posters have one of the largest collections of in the world ?
are in warsaw ?
warsaw 's national museum is one of the most ?
does the national museum boast having from adolf hitler 's private collection ?
does the museum of the polish army portray the history of ?
can a tribute to the fall of warsaw be found ?
preserves the memory of the crime ?
is the warsaw fotoplastikon ?
are patriotic and political objects connected with poland 's struggles for independence found ?
does the warsaw historical museum have ?
currently houses the centre for contemporary art ?
projects does the centre currently realize a year ?
is the oldest exhibition site in warsaw ?
does the zachęta national gallery of art organize exhibitions of art from ?
is the warsaw gallery weekend held ?
won the ekstraklasa championship in 2000 ?
did polonia warsaw win the country 's championship prior to 2000 ?
has polonia won the cup ?
is polonia 's home venue located ?
was polonia relegated from the country 's top flight in 2013 ?
is polish for " mermaid " ?
is warsaw 's symbol ?
has the imagery of the mermaid been used by warsaw ?
is the oldest armed seal of warsaw from ?
does the sea monster with a female upper body hold in its claws ?
did artur oppman give to the world ?
did two of triton 's daughters set out on a journey through ?
did one of triton 's daughters decide she wanted to hang out and stay ?
did a greedy merchant do to the mermaid ?
was the famous artist tamara de lempicka born ?
did tamara marry a lawyer ?
did lempicka represent better than anyone else ?
was nathan alterman ?
loved warsaw so much that he kept putting it in his novels ?
ranked warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world ?
was warsaw ranked as the 32nd most liveable city in the world ?
is warsaw 's economy characterized by ?
is one of the most important for central and eastern europe ?
is the name of the european union agency for external border security ?
is the first reference in history to warsaw ?
served as poland 's capital in 1313 ?
did warsaw become the capital of the kingdom of poland ?
moved his court from kraków to warsaw in 1596 ?
did warsaw gain the title of the " phoenix city " ?
is warsaw the seat of ?
is another notable university in warsaw after the university of warsaw ?
was warsaw 's old town listed as in 1980 ?
is a quarter of warsaw filled with ?
is warsaw 's name in the polish language ?
does warszawa mean in polish ?
was warsz ?
did warsz own ?
is the full official city name of warsaw ?
, raided by clans and dukes , preceded the founding of warszowa ?
was boleslaw ii of masovia ?
was the settlement which would become warsaw established ?
did warszowa become the official capital of the masovian duchy ?
was the masovian duchy reincorporated into the polish crown ?
did warsaw serve as the seat for in 1529 ?
did the general sejm make warsaw it 's permanent seat ?
did the warsaw confederation formally establish in 1573 ?
did warsaw become the capital of the commonwealth ?
did king sigismund iii vasa move his court to warsaw ?
was warsaw the capital of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth ?
annexed warsaw in 1796 ?
liberated warsaw in 1806 ?
did warsaw become the center of the congress poland ?
was the royal university of warsaw established ?
was warsaw occupied by germany ?
did article 12 of the allied armistice terms require germany to withdraw from ?
set up what became the second polish republic ?
was the polish-bolshevik war fought ?
did warsaw successfully defend itself against ?
did germany invade poland and in doing so start world war ii ?
was warsaw under the administration of when it came under the rule of the general goverment ?
was jewish ?
did hitler order the annihilation of the warsaw ghetto ?
were the fighters of the warsaw ghetto uprising able to hold out ?
was pushing deep into polish territory to pursue the germans in 1944 ?
did the exiled polish government in london order the underground home army to seize control of warsaw prior to the arrival of the red army ?
did the warsaw uprising begin ?
did the warsaw uprising last ?
is the estimated death toll for polish civilians ?
did the communist regime initiate after wwii ?
was erected in warsaw as part of the bricks for warsaw process ?
were the structures built by the soviets typical of ?
was a gift from the soviet union ?
was warsaw 's old town inscribed onto in 1980 ?
as a native of poland ?
did john paul ii 's visits in 1979 and 1983 encourage ?
had john paul ii been the pope in 1979 ?
did john paul ii celebrate mass in warsaw ?
did the polish citizens understand the subtext of john paul ii 's words to be ?
is warsaw from the carpathian mountains ?
is warsaw ?
does warsaw straddle ?
is the highest point in warsaw ?
is the lowest point of warsaw located ?
is warsaw on ?
has an asymmetrical pattern of different terraces ?
is the left part of warsaw on ?
is the axis of warsaw which divides it into two parts ?
is the edge of the moraine plateau called ?
has groups of clay pits ?
does the highest level of the vistula plateau contain ?
does the currently flooded terrace still have visible ?
can be found on the highest terrace ?
does warsaw 's mixture of architectural styles reflect ?
was warsaw completely razed to the ground by bombing raids ?
did warsaw start to rebuild ?
were the mass constructed residential blocks designed in ?
is represented in the majestic churches ?
was st. john 's cathedral constructed ?
is st. john 's cathedral an example of , stylistically ?
is a notable example of what type of architecture ?
is the royal castle the most interesting example of ?
did building activity in the palaces and churches take place in the later decades of ?
did building activity occur on st. kazimierz church ?
is the palace of four windows an impressive example of ?
is being described when simplicity of geometrical forms are teamed with inspiration from the roman period ?
was the palace on the water rebuilt ?
are n't the examples of bouregois architecture visible today ?
was the warsaw philharmony edifice built in ?
is the most interesting of the late 19th-century architecture ?
were the saxon palace and brühl palace in prewar warsaw ?
was the name of the infamous german gestapo prison ?
was built in the 19th century after the defeat of the november uprising ?
does the statue of little insurgent commemorate ?
is in memory of the largest insurrection of wwii ?
are the botanic garden and university library garden ?
is a palm house with subtropic plants from all over the world on display ?
was the first horse racetrack located ?
is close to john lennon street ?
was a zoological garden established in the praga park ?
is warsaw 's flora very rich in species ?
is bielany forest located ?
is the bielany forest the last remnant of ?
is by warsaw 's southern border ?
does warsaw have ?
lived in warsaw in 1939 ?
had the number of people living in warsaw declined to by 1945 ?
did the warsaw area enlargement take place ?
did many poles have regarding how the varsovians thought of themselves ?
are there no longer limitations on since 1990 ?
has warsaw been for as long as it 's been a city ?
was warsaw 's population in 1901 ?
of warsaw 's inhabitants in 1901 , was catholic ?
was protestant in 1901 ?
were most of the places of religious worship destroyed in warsaw ?
is the basic unit of territorial division in poland ?
is the second level of territorial division in poland ?
are the registration numbers for cars all of the same type ?
has the power of legislative action ?
are on the warsaw city counil ?
does the city council divide itself into ?
does the council have to override the mayor 's veto ?
is the mayor of warsaw called ?
was the first warsaw president ?
did menich serve as president ?
has elected the president of warsaw since 1990 ?
chose the president between 1994 and 1999 ?
is the city centre of warsaw called in polish ?
companies were registered in warsaw in 2006 ?
was warsaw ranked the 7th greatest of ?
does warsaw produce ?
was the total nominal gdp of warsaw in 2010 ?
was warsaw 's first stock exchange established ?
brought warsaw 's stock exchange to a stop ?
companies were listed on the wse on august 2009 ?
was the wse located in until 2000 ?
was the fso car factory founded ?
is licensed by the fso car factory and built in egypt ?
purchased the factor in 1995 ?
bought the factory in 2005 ?
did the license to build this type of car expire in 2011 ?
is warsaw known as in polish ?
is the largest city in poland ?
runs through warsaw ?
live in the greater metropolitan area ?
does warsaw rank in terms of population in the eu ?
is the largest city of poland ?
does warsaw stand ?
is warsaw from the baltic sea ?
does the greater metropolitan area have ?
does warsaw hold ?
is normandy located ?
were the normans in normandy ?
did the norse originate ?
was the norse leader ?
did the normans first gain their separate identity ?
was the duke in the battle of hastings ?
ruled the duchy of normandy
were the normans
is the original meaning of the word norman ?
was the latin version of the word norman first recorded ?
was the duchy of normandy founded ?
did rollo sign the treaty of saint-clair-sur-epte with ?
originally bounded the duchy
was the norman religion ?
were the normans located ?
was one of the norman 's major exports ?
did the attack occur in which the normans impressed prince guaimar iii occur ?
did the pilgrims go to in 1016 ?
was the archangel michael shrine located ?
was the name of the leader ennobled by henry iii
was count of melfi
controlled sicily before the normans ?
was roger ii made king ?
was william iron arm 's castle located ?
is another name for the tabula rogeriana ?
does kitab rudjdjar mean in english ?
did the normans institute ?
was the normans ' main enemy in italy , the byzantine empire and armenia ?
did herve serve as a byzantine general ?
did robert crispin go up against the turks ?
ruined roussel de bailleul 's plans for an independent state ?
was the name of the norman castle ?
was the leader when the franks entered the euphrates valley ?
did the normans team up with in anatolia ?
was the name of the count of apulia
did dyrrachium fall to the normans ?
men were in robert 's army ?
was robert 's son ?
was petrela located by ?
did the normans attack dyrrachium ?
was dyrrachium located ?
did emma marry ?
was emma 's brother ?
to did ethelred flee ?
kicked ethelred out ?
was edward the confessor 's half-brother ?
did edward return ?
did edward make archbishop of canterbury ?
did harold ii die ?
killed harold ii ?
was the battle of hastings ?
was the ruling class ahead of the normans ?
did the norman 's invade at bannow bay ?
did the normans invade in 1169 ?
did the normans combine with in ireland ?
was margaret 's husband ?
was scotland invaded by william ?
was the hostage ?
did alexander i marry ?
is know as the " davidian revolution " ?
was ralph earl of ?
was ralph in charge of being at war with ?
made ralph earl ?
was under the control of norman barons ?
did roger de tosny fail to accomplish what he set out to do ?
was in charge of the papal army in the war of barbastro ?
did the siege of antioch take place ?
was the name of bohemond 's nephew ?
did tancred play a roll in ?
did western europe control cyprus ?
did the storm hit richard 's fleet ?
was guy 's rival ?
were isaac 's chains made out of ?
did berengaria of navarre marry ?
was the wedding date ?
happened ?
did the venetians take total control of cyprus ?
bought cyprus after the norman conquest ?
are the canarian islands off the coast of ?
became the king of the canary islands ?
bought the rights ?
sold the rights ?
are jersey and guernsey
does norman customary law have ?
is the norman architecture idiom ?
does norman architecture have ?
came after norman in england ?
came before norman in england ?
had the norman arab architectural style ?
did the church reform begin ?
used the church to unify themselves ?
were the french wars of religion ?
was used in the creation of the bayeux tapestry ?
is norman art 's most well known piece ?
commissioned the tapestry ?
is the most important type of norman art preserved in churches ?
did important classical music developments occur in normandy ?
were the two abbots at fécamp abbey ?
did the monks flee to ?
did the saint-evroul monks establish in italy ?
patronized the monks in italy ?
were the saint-evroul monks known for ?
was nikola tesla born ?
was nikola tesla 's ethnicity ?
did tesla die ?
was nikola tesla born ?
did tesla die ?
is tesla 's home country ?
does ac stand for ?
did nikola tesla emigrate to the united states ?
did tesla work for in the 1880s ?
did tesla move to ?
was tesla involved in ?
did tesla come to the us ?
did he work with ?
did tesla work with edison ?
licensed tesla 's induction motor ?
did westinghouse license ?
did tesla discover the possibility of wireless connectivity ?
were some of tesla 's experiments ?
other than new york did tesla conduct experiments ?
did he first mention wireless communication ?
did he make ?
was his unfinished project called ?
did tesla die ?
was named " the tesla " in his honor ?
did tesla live for much of his life ?
was tesla 's reputation in popular culture ?
did tesla finance his work ?
did tesla die ?
did the general conference on weights and measures name after tesla in 1960 ?
did people once again start to show an interest in tesla ?
other than his scientific achievements was tesla famous for ?
was tesla born in ?
was the occupation of tesla 's father ?
was special about tesla 's memory ?
did tesla credit for his abilities ?
was tesla 's fathers occupation ?
was tesla 's father 's name ?
was tesla 's mother 's name ?
were tesla 's mother 's special abilities ?
did tesla have ?
did tesla study while in school ?
did tesla 's family move to gospic ?
was tesla 's brother 's name ?
were tesla 's sisters ' names ?
happened to dane ?
did the family move in 1862 ?
did tesla 's father have in gospic ?
was tesla influenced by while in school ?
were classes held in at tesla 's school ?
could tesla perform in his head ?
did tesla 's teachers believe he was doing while in school ?
did tesla graduate from the higher real gymnasium ?
did tesla go to karlovac ?
did tesla go to karlovac ?
was tesla 's main influence in karlovac ?
were the classes given ?
did tesla contract in 1873 ?
was he bedridden with cholera ?
did tesla 's father promise him while he were bedridden ?
did tesla 's father originally want him to do ?
did tesla return to in 1873 ?
was the year when tesla went back to smiljan ?
did tesla catch ?
was he in bed from cholera ?
was tesla 's father 's original plans for tesla ?
did his father make with him if tesla recovered ?
did tesla run to avoid the army draft ?
helped tesla recover from illness ?
did tesla explore in tominaj ?
did tesla avade the draft ?
did tesla avoid by fleeing smiljan ?
did tesla go to tomingaj ?
did tesla enroll at an engineering school ?
did he enroll in during 1875 ?
did tesla 's father die ?
did tesla struggle with while in school ?
was austrian polytechnic located ?
did tesla enroll in austrian polytechnic ?
did tesla 's father die ?
did tesla lose his tuition money ?
was tesla 's father afraid would happen to him in school ?
did tesla do in december 1878 ?
did tesla sever ties with his family ?
did tesla work as after dropping out ?
before he died , did tesla 's father ask him to do ?
did tesla suffer ?
did tesla depart graz ?
did he sever family ties to keep hidden ?
was tesla 's friends ' theory as to what became of him ?
did tesla do in maribor for work ?
was tesla returned to gospic ?
was tesla returned to gospic ?
do some sources say nikola 's brother died from ?
did tesla do at his old school in 1879 ?
did the police bring tesla back to gospic ?
was tesla brought to gospic ?
did tesla teach in gospic ?
was one of theories as to what caused tesla 's father 's unspecified illness ?
did tesla move to in 1880 ?
was he unable to enroll at the university ?
did tesla attend the university ?
did tesla audit in 1880 ?
did tesla go upon leaving gospic ?
did tesla go to prague ?
gave tesla money to go to prague ?
did tesla move in 1881 ?
did tesla work for in 1881 ?
did tesla accept at the exchange ?
did tesla claim to perfect while at the exchange ?
did tesla hold in the central telegraph office ?
did tesla go to budapest ?
did tesla work in budapest ?
was the name of the telegraph company tesla returned to after it became functional ?
was tesla 's position at the budapest telephone exchange ?
did tesla begin working for the continental edison company ?
was the continental edison company located ?
in june 1884 , did tesla relocate ?
hired tesla when he moved to new york ?
did tesla begin working in 1884 ?
did tesla begin a new job at in 1882 ?
was the continental edison company located ?
did tesla move to new york city ?
hired tesla in new york ?
was edison machine works located ?
did edison offer tesla to redesign a motor and generators ?
did edison offer tesla after completing the project ?
did tesla spend redesigning the motor and generators ?
did tesla say edison offered him to redesign his motor and generators ?
was edison 's reply as to what tesla did n't understand when tesla asked for payment ?
did edison offer tesla ?
did tesla partner with in 1886 ?
did lane and vail finance ?
did tesla electric light & manufacturing do ?
did tesla first receive after starting his company ?
was produced at tesla 's company ?
were the names of tesla 's new partners ?
did the partnership between tesla , lane and vail form ?
was the name of the company the businessmen financed ?
did tesla electric light & manufacturing do ?
designed the illumination systems that tesla electric light & manufacturing installed ?
did tesla 's investors do to him ?
was tesla 's financial situation after being forced out ?
did he do for $ 2 a day ?
did tesla refer to as a time of terrible headaches and bitter tears ?
did tesla do with his patents causing him to lose them ?
did tesla do for a job that paid two dollars a day ?
did tesla do for work at this time ?
was alfred s brown ?
was tesla electric company formed ?
would profits go in this new company ?
was a lab for tesla set up ?
did tesla first encounter alfred s. brown
was brown 's job ?
did tesla make the acquaintance of in 1886 ?
was tesla 's new lab ?
was tesla , brown and peck 's new company ?
did tesla develop in 1887 ?
was tesla 's innovative motor patented ?
did tesla 's design not need ?
did his design avoid in not having a commutator ?
was this motor ?
did tesla make the induction motor ?
did tesla 's ac motor not require ?
did tesla patent the motor ?
was thomas commerford martin ?
is the ieee ?
did tesla demonstrate his alternating current system ?
did westinghouse not secure a patent for a similar motor ?
arranged for tesla to demonstrate his system at the ieee ?
edited electrical world magazine ?
wanted to acquire patents an ac motor .
did westinghouse consider for the patents ?
was galileo ferraris ?
was the name of westinghouse 's company ?
were tesla 's motor and transformer designs licensed to westinghouse ?
did westinghouse pay to license tesla 's designs ?
hired tesla in 1888 ?
was tesla 's position with westinghouse ?
did westinghouse pay for tesla 's designs ?
did the deal between peck , brown and westinghouse take place ?
was tesla 's monthly consultant salary ?
was tesla 's consultant job for westinghouse ?
did tesla work in 1888 ?
did tesla work on in 1888 ?
did tesla propose ?
did they end up using instead of the one tesla wanted ?
was tesla 's ac system used for in pittsburgh ?
ended up being used for the streetcars in the place of tesla 's system ?
was the war of currents waged between ?
did the war first start out as being between ?
did edison machine works persue in 1890 ?
took over edison machine works ?
was tesla in favor of ?
was westinghouse 's chief rival ?
did the rivalry between westinghouse and edison reach its peak ?
caused the delay during the development of the ac motor .
took control of edison 's company .
won the bid to light the world 's columbian exposition ?
was the 1893 world 's columbian exposition held ?
did george westinghouse beat out to light the world 's columbian exposition ?
did tesla call his electrical effects in 1893 ?
was it called when tesla lit a wireless gas-discharge lamp using a high-frequency , high-voltage alternating current ?
outbid general electric to provide light to the world 's columbian exposition ?
did the exposition take place ?
was the world 's columbian exposition ?
was displayed at the world 's fair by westinghouse and tesla ?
headed the niagara falls cataract construction company in 1893 ?
was tesla asked about in regards to electricity in 1893 ?
was chosen to build a two-phase ac generating system at niagara falls ?
was chosen to build an ac distribution system at niagara falls ?
did tesla recommend to niagara falls in 1893 ?
was the head of the company ?
did richard dean adams make his inquiry ?
did tesla suggest to adams ?
was the advantage of the two-phased system
was a patent-sharing agreement signed between westinghouse electric and general electric ?
did tesla sell his ac patents to westinghouse electric for ?
was the overly generous royalty amount that tesla had been receiving ?
had tesla , brown , and peck received in royalties and licenses over the patents ?
financed general electric 's attempts to takeover westinghouse ?
had westinghouse paid to tesla , brown and peck ?
did westinghouse pay for tesla 's patents in order to escape its financial problems ?
was tesla when he became a us citizen ?
was tesla 's laboratory established ?
did he light at his laboratories to demonstrate his wireless power transmission ?
did he patent in 1891 ?
did tesla get his us citizenship ?
did tesla patent in 1891 ?
was tesla when he became a citizen of the us ?
did tesla show off at his labs ?
did tesla serve as vice president of ?
was the forerunner of the modern-day ieee ?
did tesla stop serving as the vice president of american institute of electrical engineers ?
did tesla hold in the american institute of electrical engineers ?
did tesla hold this position ?
along with the american institute of electrical engineers eventually became the ieee ?
did tesla begin investigating invisible energy ?
took place in his lab in 1895 , causing him to lose thousands of dollars of data and tools ?
were x-rays discovered ?
tesla attempted to photograph mark twain , what was the only thing that showed up on the image ?
die tesla turn his attention to trying to understand invisible radiant energy ?
is this invisible radiant energy now known as ?
happened to most of tesla 's work from this time ?
was tesla thought to have accidentally taken a week prior to the announcement of its discovery ?
was tesla trying to photograph when he accidentally took the x-ray image ?
did tesla begin to research in march 1896 ?
did tesla begin researching x-ray imaging ?
is another term for x-ray imaging ?
did tesla design several experimental setups to produce ?
did tesla 's device work from the output of ?
did tesla start deliberately experimenting with x-ray imaging ?
powered tesla 's high energy terminal vacuum tube ?
did tesla incorrectly believe about x-rays ?
did tesla attribute skin damage to ?
did tesla note the hazards of working with ?
do plasma waves occur ?
at first did tesla think was the main cause of damage to skin cells when they were exposed to x-rays ?
did tesla mistakenly believe x-rays were ?
are longitudinal waves found ?
can tesla 's theories as to what caused the skin damage be found ?
made the induction motor more efficient ?
did benjamin lamme achieve success making the motor more efficient ?
called their system the " tesla polyphase system " ?
was tesla 's device called ?
demonstrated the egg of columbus ?
did the herald tribune publish its tesla article ?
did the particle do to tesla ?
did tesla know he was being struck by the particle ?
did tesla compare the electric particles to ?
did tesla demonstrate his radio wave theories to ?
was used in radio development ?
did tesla give a demonstration to ?
did tesla give a demonstration of his remote control boat ?
was the boat called ?
was the boat demonstration given ?
was the occasion for the boat demonstration ?
did onlookers claim was piloting the boat ?
did tesla attain his electrical transmitter patent ?
first sent radio waves across the atlantic ?
was marconi 's radio demonstration ?
were tesla 's patents restored ?
did tesla go to colorado springs ?
did tesla begin his colorado springs experiments ?
was the recorded length of the first spark ?
was tesla investigating ?
did he claim to observe ?
was tesla 's idea regarding earth ?
were his artificial bolts ?
could the artificial thunder be heard .
happened to nearby light bulbs ?
was notable about the butterflies ?
did tesla accidentally cause ?
happened to the dynamos in the power station ?
caused the dynamos to be burnt out ?
did the sparks do to the insulation ?
did tesla attribute the unknown signals his radio received ?
did the reporters decide the signals were from ?
did tesla talk to about the strange signals ?
is another possible explanation for the source of the signals ?
did marconi transmit similar signals to those tesla received ?
did john jacob astor iv provide tesla with ?
did astor expect the money be used for ?
did tesla spend astor 's money on ?
did astor provide the money ?
did tesla depart from colorado springs ?
happened to his lab ?
was his lab destroyed ?
happened to the things inside the lab after it was torn down ?
did tesla establish following his colorado experiments ?
was wardenclyffe ?
was wardenclyffe located ?
did tesla try to get money from ?
did tesla blame for the loss of the initial money ?
did morgan react to the request ?
did tesla send morgan in the five years following 1901 ?
did tesla want funds from morgan ?
happened in 1901 ?
was the tower 's ultimate height ?
did tesla 's bladeless turbine have ?
did the turbine operate ?
did tesla first show off the turbine ?
was the horsepower put out by the turbines in waterside power station
was tesla 's mechanical oscillator powered ?
did he work on the oscillators ?
caused tesla to hit his experiment with a sledgehammer ?
published an article about tesla in 1912 ?
did tesla think could improve the brain 's intelligence ?
was tesla 's plan to make students " bright " ?
approved of this plan ?
was maxwell 's job ?
did tesla look for investors prior to wwi ?
happened to tesla 's funding once the war begun ?
did he do with wardenclyffe ?
did tesla receive from the sale of wardenclyffe ?
was given to tesla ?
did tesla talk about reflecting electricity off of submarine 's hulls ?
would the operator of observe the reflected signal ?
was tesla 's idea similar to ?
played a part in the development of radar in france ?
did reuters claim won the 1915 nobel prize in physics ?
actually won the prize ?
was the rumored reason edison and tesla were not awarded the prize ?
according to the nobel foundation has to happen before someone can decline a prize ?
was another possible reason that tesla and edison did not get the award ?
were there in 1915 ?
received a bid in 1915 ?
did tesla receive a nobel prize bid ?
was the patent number for tesla 's final patent ?
was u.s. patent 1,655,114 granted ?
was tesla 's belief as to the selling price of the biplane ?
did the biplane design have ?
was tesla 's salary from westinghouse in 1934 ?
did tesla get from westinghouse ?
did tesla receive this compensation ?
was westinghouse potentially trying to avoid by paying tesla ?
did tesla claim to be able to transmit ?
did he claim the mechanical energy could be transmitted ?
did he expect would occur ?
did he hope to locate underground ?
did tesla make these claims ?
was tesla on his way to do when he was struck by the cab ?
did tesla refuse to see following the accident ?
happened to his ribs in the accident ?
did he first get out of bed following the accident ?
did tesla talk about ?
was he studying that gave him the teleforce weapon idea ?
did tesla think the weapon could be used on ?
was another use for the weapon ?
did tesla claim to have built the weapon ?
was the occasion when he claimed he 'd made the death ray ?
were the death rays pellets made ?
was used to accelerate the tungsten pellets ?
did he claim had to pass before he gave the ray to the world ?
did tesla 's treatise concern ?
can the treatise be found ?
is the nikola tesla museum ?
could particles be charged to in his weapon design ?
did he claim the weapon would end ?
was tesla afraid someone was trying to do with his invention ?
did he claim the blueprint was stored ?
according to tesla had been gone over by the thieves , or spies who entered his room ?
was tesla when he died ?
was the date of tesla 's death ?
first discovered his body ?
had been left hanging on the door to tesla 's room ?
was given as the cause of death ?
happened to tesla 's belongings ?
did he find that could constitute a hazard ?
gave tesla 's eulogy ?
wrote the eulogy ?
was tesla 's funeral ?
attended the funeral ?
was the funeral held ?
was tesla 's property sent ?
was tesla 's nephew ?
transported tesla 's ashes from the us .
are the ashes now ?
was the total number of patents that tesla had ?
did tesla hold patents ?
other than the us and britain was the other main country that tesla had patents granted ?
were missing patents later found ?
did tesla get dinner ?
before dinner were tesla 's working hours ?
on some nights did tesla work until ?
served his dinner ?
was the daily distance walked by tesla ?
did he walk ?
did he do to his feet at night ?
was he hoping to stimulate with the toe squishing ?
did tesla tell brisbane he did n't believe in ?
was brisbane 's job ?
down to laws did tesla believe the fundamental laws could be reduced ?
did tesla care for ?
did tesla spend on the injured pigeon ?
did tesla go to feed the pigeons daily ?
did he bring the injured pigeons to take care of them ?
did tesla weigh ?
was tesla ?
did tesla weigh almost exactly the same amount ?
did tesla know ?
is another term for tesla 's visualization ability ?
accompanied tesla 's visions ?
was tesla thought to have ?
would tesla spend gambling sometimes ?
was the longest that tesla spent working without stopping to rest ?
was tesla studying when he started playing cards and billiards ?
did tesla call in the middle of the night ?
was kenneth swezey 's job ?
did tesla say helped his scientific abilities ?
reportedly wanted tesla 's company ?
did tesla admit to a reporter that maybe he 'd sacrificed too much by not having a relationship ?
was tesla 's secretary ?
said tesla had a " distinguished sweetness " ?
was tesla likely to do with his work ?
was tesla 's sociability described ?
was julian hawthorne 's relation to tesla ?
was tesla 's good friend ?
did tesla and twain hang out ?
did tesla become friends with viereck ?
was tesla prejudiced against ?
did he fire ?
did he fire the secretary ?
did tesla deny the existence of ?
did he believe the ether did ?
did the idea of ether belong ?
did tesla disagree with ?
was tesla 's attitude toward the idea that matter could be turned into energy ?
did tesla speak critically toward ?
did tesla start working on the problem of energy and matter ?
did tesla consider a " false conception " ?
was tesla when he wrote that he 'd completed his dynamic theory of gravity ?
was tesla a fan of ?
was his belief as to what nature was supposed to be ?
interfered with nature 's ruthlessness in tesla 's opinion ?
did he talk about his beliefs in an interview ?
did tesla think would run the world of the future ?
did he talk about his thoughts on gender ?
did he use for what he believed would be humanity 's future rulers ?
the issues of era did tesla 's article talk about ?
were the " great forces " mentioned in the article 's title ?
was the article published ?
did tesla believe would not be able to solve the problems of the time ?
did tesla grow up in ?
was tesla against ?
did tesla express respect for ?
was published in 1937 ?
because of certain statements was the believed state of his religious views ?
did the machine hope to end ?
did tesla write ?
published tesla 's writings ?
edited tesla 's autobiography ?
can a lot tesla 's writings be found ?
was his article published in century magazine ?
was one of tesla 's books where articles can be read ?
is tesla 's work featured in ?
can references to tesla be found in
have been impacted by tesla ?
magazine 's cover did tesla appear in 1931
was he put on the cover ?
technology type that tesla worked on did the caption refer to ?
sent letters ?
with broadly classifying computational problems by difficulty and class of relationship ?
are computational problems classified utilizing computational complexity theory ?
is the term for a task that generally lends itself to being solved by a computer ?
broadly defines the inherent difficulty of the solution ?
is used to intuitively assess or quantify the amount of resources required to solve a computational problem ?
are two basic primary resources used to guage complexity ?
is measured to determine circuit complexity ?
does defining the complexity of problems play in everyday computing ?
closely mirror computational complexity theory ?
analyzes the resource requirements of a specific algorithm isolated unto itself within a given problem ?
analyzes all possible algorithms in aggregate to determine the resource requirements needed to solve to a given problem ?
is primarily concerned with determining the likelihood of whether or not a problem can ultimately be solved using algorithms ?
is the name given to the input string of a computational problem ?
in computational complexity theory , is the term given to describe the baseline abstract question needing to be solved ?
is another name for any given measure of input associated with a problem ?
is the general term used to describe the output to any given input in a problem instance ?
does the traveling salesman problem seek to classify a route between the 15 largest cities in germany ?
is one example of an instance that the quantitative answer to the traveling salesman problem fails to answer ?
does computational complexity theory most specifically seek to answer ?
in a computational problem , can be described as a string over an alphabet ?
is the name of the alphabet is most commonly used in a problem instance ?
is another term for the string of a problem instance ?
in the encoding of mathematical objects , is the way in which integers are commonly expressed ?
is one way in which graphs can be encoded ?
are one of the main topics studied in computational complexity theory ?
are the two simple word responses to a decision problem ?
are the two integer responses to a decision problem ?
will the output be for a member of the language of a decision problem ?
denotes that an algorithm has accepted an input string ?
is an example of an input used in a decision problem ?
is the term for the set of all connected graphs related to this decision problem ?
needs to be made in order to determine an exact definition of the formal language ?
is an example of what ?
outputs are expected for each input in a function problem ?
in addition to the traveling salesman problem , is another example of a function problem ?
can function problems typically be restated ?
if two integers are multiplied and output a value , is this expression set called ?
is a commonly used measurement used to determine the complexity of a computational problem ?
is one variable on which the running time may be contingent ?
is the time needed to obtain the solution to a problem calculated ?
is the size of the input measured ?
that the solution to a problem is solvable with reasonable resources assuming it allows for a polynomial time algorithm ?
if input size is is equal to n , can respectively be assumed is the function of n ?
corresponds to the maximum measurement of time across all functions of n ?
is worst-case time complexity written as an expression ?
assuming that t represents a polynomial in t -LRB- n -RRB- , is the term given to the corresponding algorithm ?
is the term for a mathematical model that theoretically represents a general computing machine ?
is the most commonplace model utilized in complexity theory ?
does a turing machine handle on a strip of tape ?
is generally considered to be the most basic iteration of a turing machine ?
fixed set of factors determine the actions of a deterministic turing machine
is the term used to identify a deterministic turing machine that has additional random bits ?
is capable of multiple actions and extends into a variety of computational paths ?
is the term given to algorithms that utilize random bits ?
are two factors that directly effect how powerful a turing machine may or may not be ?
in the determination of complexity classes , are two examples of types of turing machines ?
is an example of a machine model that deviates from a generally accepted multi-tape turing machine ?
in considering turing machines and alternate variables , measurement left unaffected by conversion between machine models ?
commonly consumed by alternate models are typically known to vary ?
do alternate machine models , such as random access machines , share with turing machines ?
can be characterized by checking multiple possibilities at the same time ?
is the most critical resource in the analysis of computational problems associated with non-deterministic turing machines ?
is the expression used to identify any given series of problems capable of being solved within time on a deterministic turing machine ?
is the most critical resource measured to in assessing the determination of a turing machine 's ability to solve any given set of problems ?
is typically used to broadly define complexity measures ?
are the three primary expressions used to represent case complexity ?
case complexity likelihoods provide variable probabilities ?
is one common example of a critical complexity measure ?
case complexities provide three likelihoods of differing variable that remains the same size ?
extensive time is required to sort integers , this represents what case complexity ?
is the expression used to denote a worst case complexity as expressed by time taken ?
classification of resources is contingent on determining the upper and lower bounds of minimum time required ?
bound of time is more difficult to establish ?
is the colloquial phrase used to convey the continuum of algorithms with unlimited availability irrespective of time ?
is generally used to convey upper or lower bounds ?
does a big o notation hide ?
would one write t -LRB- n -RRB- = 7n2 + 15n + 40 in big o notation ?
has complicated definitions that prevent classification into a framework ?
complexity classes are generally classified ?
specifies that a polynomial relationship exists within time complexities in a computational model ?
are two examples of measurements are bound within algorithms to establish complexity classes ?
is used by algorithms to define measurements like time or space ?
are three examples of complexity classes associated with definitions established by probabilistic turing machines ?
is the expression used to represent a complexity class of counting problems ?
ip and am are most commonly defined ?
is an example of a measurement within a complexity class that would create a bigger set of problems if the bounds were relaxed ?
can one expect to find dtime -LRB- n -RRB-
theorems are responsible for determining questions of time and space requirements ?
is made in the effort of establishing the time and space requirements needed to enhance the ultimate number of problems solved ?
is the foundation for separation results within complexity classes ?
is responsible for constraining p according to the time hierarchy theorem ?
within variable is l constrained according to the space hierarchy theorem ?
is frequently used to define complexity classes ?
according to reduction , if x and y can be solved by the same algorithm then x performs to y ?
are two examples of different types of reduction ?
is the most frequently employed type of reduction ?
equates to a squared integer according to polynomial time reduction ?
is used in polynomial time reduction ?
would need to remain constant in a multiplication algorithm to produce the same outcome whether multiplying or squaring two integers ?
the complexity of problems often depends ?
would create a conflict between a problem x and problem c within the context of reduction ?
an algorithm for x reduces to c would us to do what ?
if p = np is unsolved , and reduction is applied to a known np-complete problem vis a vis π2 to π1 , can be drawn for π1 ?
if polynomial time can be utilized within an np-complete problem , does the imply p is equal to ?
is characterized by a computational tasks and efficient algorithms ?
is associated with the complexity class of p viewed as a mathematical abstraction with efficient algorithmic functionality ?
is commonly characterized by unknown algorithms to enhance solvability ?
is an example of a problem that rests within the np complexity class ?
is it confirmed that a problem in p belies membership in the np class ?
if p is ultimately proven to be equal tot np , would this have on the efficiency of problems ?
is a particular problem in biology that would benefit from determining that p = np ?
is the prize offered for finding a solution to p = np ?
demonstrated that p = np implies problems not present in p or np-complete ?
is the name for a problem that meets ladner 's assertion ?
is an example of an np-intermediate problem not known to exist in p or np-complete ?
is the problem attributed to defining if two finite graphs are isomorphic ?
is most commonly not ascribed to the graph isomorphism problem in spite of definitive determination ?
implies that the graph isomorphism problem is np-complete ?
level would the polynomial time hierarchy collapse if graph isomorphism is np-complete ?
are commonly associated with the algorithm typically considered the most effective with respect to finite polynomial hierarchy and graph isomorphism ?
is commonly associated with prime factorization ?
that there currently exists no known integer factorization problem underpins commonly used system ?
is the most well-known algorithm associated with the integer factorization problem ?
is the unproven assumption generally ascribed to the value of complexity classes ?
can the complexity classes rp , bpp , pp , bqp , ma , and ph be located ?
would signify a theoretical watershed for complexity theory ?
complexity class do complement problems of np problems exist ?
do the yes/no answers of a complement problem of np appear ?
is commonly believed to be the value relationship between p and co-np
can be derived for p and np if p and co-np are established to be unequal ?
is associated with all problems solved within logarithmic space ?
though unkown , are the most commonly ascribed attributes of l in relation to p
that prevents a definitive determination of the relationship between l and p ?
are two complexity classes between l and p ?
is unknown about the complexity classes between l and p that further prevents determining the value relationship between l and p ?
if np is not equal to p , viewed through this lens , can also be considered intractable ?
presents a decision problem not evidenced in p ?
is an example of a problem to which effective algorithms have provided a solution in spite of the intractability associated with the breadth of sizes ?
can an algorithm solve an np-complete knapsack problem ?
is the example of another problem characterized by large instances that is routinely solved by sat handlers employing efficient algorithms ?
did researchers employ to offset the former deficit of work surrounding the complexity of algorithmic problems ?
was the most influential researcher among those grappling with the deficit of work surrounding the complexity posed by algorithmic problems ?
is attributed to alan turing ?
was the alan turing 's definitional model of a computing device received ?
in the most basic sense did a turing machine emulate ?
is commonly considered the bellwether ushering in systematic studies computational complexity ?
were responsible for authoring " on the computational complexity of algorithms " ?
was hatmanis and stearn 's seminal work in computational complexity received ?
were defined by " on the computational complexity of algorithms " ?
year did edmond 's characterize a " good " algorithm ?
provided a definition of linear bounded automata in 1960 ?
did raymond sullivan publish a study of rudimentary sets ?
in 1962 , was responsible for the authorship of a paper published on real time-computations ?
is the concrete choice typically assumed by most complexity-theoretic theorems ?
in the effort of maintaining a level of abstraction , choice is typically left independent ?
is responsible for axiomatic complexity theory ?
was implicated by manuel blum 's axioms ?
is the paper written by richard karp in 1972 that ushered in a new era of understanding between intractability and np-complete problems ?
combinatory and graph theoretical problems , formerly believed to be plagued by intractability , did karp 's paper address ?
is a course of study called ?
is another name to describe the science of teaching ?
do most teachers get their credentials from ?
can a teacher use to help students learn ?
is a teacher most likely to be teaching at ?
may make a teacher 's role vary ?
is similar to literacy that a teacher would teach ?
is similar to vocational training ?
would help the most with everyday life ?
is most likely to teach a child at home ?
if someone is being taught at their place of residence , is it called ?
is home schooling ?
is the opposite of an ongoing role of teaching ?
would a community member need to teach informally ?
is another general name for a religious teacher ?
is the quran ?
name a text might be used by a religious teacher to teach .
would generally teach from a work like the quran , torah or bible ?
is another name for teaching within the family ?
is most likely to be doing formal teaching ?
is another type of accountant other than a cpa ?
in addition to teaching within the family , is informal teaching done ?
could a teacher help in organizing ?
would type of activities would require a teacher to take on a supervisor role ?
would type of studying would require a teacher to take on a supervisor role ?
might be responsible for student discipline ?
do government 's run that affects teachers ?
would a teacher 's college exist ?
would a teacher 's college be protecting ?
is taught at teacher 's colleges ?
could be the subjects of a teacher 's college investigation ?
might take disciplinary action against a teacher ?
might be charged with accrediting teacher education programs ?
might a teacher teach that is not inside a building ?
is the name for a teacher of just one person ?
is another indoor location for a teacher other than a school ?
is the role of teachers in education ?
is another way of learning that is not formal ?
is a name for the different ways to instruct students ?
is a typical name for learning that is not inside of the classroom ?
has started to change the way teachers teach in the classroom , generally ?
would be labeled as practical ?
would decide on the curricula that is consistent and standard ?
would a teacher help a student with ?
is the youngest student a teacher might have ?
is it that a teacher may likely follow ?
would a teacher assess the levels of a student on ?
areas does most of the learning take place ?
would a teacher do for someone who is timid ?
would a teacher do for someone who is cocky ?
is a teacher 's role similar to ?
's the biggest difference in the teaching relationship for primary and secondary school ?
does a teacher teach in primary school ?
teaches in secondary schools ?
has a closer teacher-child relationship ?
does a teacher take on ?
are available that are different than the norm ?
takes students from one specialist to another for each subject ?
gives the children security ?
is a new trend in teaching ?
are usually involved when co-teaching ?
does co-teaching get the students to focus on ?
do co-teachers work with each other to fulfill the needs of students ?
does co-teaching provide ?
was the usual type of school discipline ?
was the teacher 's role while the child was with them ?
did the teacher have access to ?
was corporal punishment in schools ?
could a teacher act in the role of a parent ?
was the form of corporal punishment in the past ?
is corporal punishment still allowed ?
does corporal punishment cause a student ?
do no practice corporal punishment ?
is corporal punishment practiced the most ?
is used in corporal punishment ?
is corporal punishment usually performed these days ?
is a common practice in official corporal punishment ?
is corporal punishment still a normal practice ?
is a common punishment in singapore ?
is a common punishment in the uk and ireland ?
does the pupil remain while in detention
if a detention requires a pupil to just sit there , are they required to sit ?
if a detention asks the student to write , do they write ?
is required in the western europe model of discipline ?
is the balance for positive reinforcement ?
help to define the way kids behave ?
are teachers expected to give their students ?
wants a more confrontational type of discipline ?
are used as an example of harsher discipline with successful education ?
do critics think the cause of problems with modern schooling is ?
do critics want to see ?
has higher scores on standardized tests than the u.s. ?
has such unmanageable students that many teachers do not discipline them ?
has a problem with classroom discipline , even though scores on tests are high ?
have codes of behavior that are very strict ?
can make keeping order difficult ?
if the teacher focuses on maintaining order , does this take time away from ?
may teachers focus on , in order to prioritize attention ?
may teachers ignore , in order to prioritize attention ?
ends up getting more of the teacher 's resources in this scenario ?
do sudbury schools prefer ?
in addition to schools , is popularly based authority effective ?
is the atmosphere in a school using popularly based authority ?
in schools using popularly based authority , is public order like ?
must be passed using democratic means by the entire school community ?
must a teacher show towards the course materials for increase learning ?
gets transferred to students who are receptive to the teacher ?
do these teachers not do ?
do students rate teachers that they feel are enthusiastic ?
increases student 's motivation to learn ?
is dramatic gesturing an example of ?
explored student motivation ?
nonverbal expressions resulted in to learn ?
might cause a higher student interest in learning the presented subject ?
is student motivation about school linked to ?
do enthusiastic teachers cause ?
does a student 's academic goals include ?
is strongly linked to good student-teacher relationships ?
students show more interest in classes taught ?
do supportive teachers spend more time doing ?
is the second aspect of teacher enthusiasm ?
does a teacher need to be with regards to their subject matter ?
a teacher 's spark may create a spark ?
can an enthusiastic teacher be to a young student ?
is important for a teacher to enjoy ?
is the largest type of misconduct being reviewed by the media ?
have received unwanted sexual attention from a teacher or other education figure ?
is the time period of this statistic ?
was it shown to have a 0.3 % prevalence of sexual abuse by professionals ?
was the definition of professionals , for this study ?
were involved in the study ?
covered subjects in 80,000 schools ?
has there been very well-known cases of teacher misconduct ?
have some men avoided becoming teachers ?
is the general secretary for the national association of schoolmasters union of women teachers ?
has the avoidance of men to become teachers caused , in some areas ?
did chris keates think that some teachers should not be placed on ?
can hurt a teacher 's mental and physical health ?
, when combined with a large workload , can contribute to occupational stress ?
is something that teacher 's are at a high risk for ?
, on the part of a teacher , can result in a decrease in student performance
were found to have felt occupational stress in a 2000 study ?
was the 2000 study conducted ?
was the 42 % occupation stress figure , compared to other jobs ?
showed double the rate of anxiety ?
are available to help reduce the stress of teaching ?
is providing support networks considered to be ?
is stress-management training considered to be ?
be ?
are nearly all teachers taught ?
might the government require a teacher have before being allowed to teach ?
is often earned after graduating high school ?
might also be required of a teacher to pass , in addition to certification ?
is a background check required ?
is responsible for education in the country of australia ?
follows secondary education ?
is tertiary education ?
is the first model of education , in the australian system ?
is the minimum required if you want to teach in canada ?
may also be required of teachers , in some areas ?
does a private school get funding to operate ?
are teachers considered to be in germany ?
are teachers recruited from ?
is the name of elementary schools ?
is used to decide a teacher 's salary ?
are upper-level secondary schools called ?
does teaching on an island result in ?
is the basic pay for a teacher , in euros ?
can a teacher with 25 years of experience make , in euros ?
can a principal make , if he/she works for a big school ?
are teachers required to register ?
requires registration ?
was the teaching council act passed ?
funds can not be used if a teacher is not registered ?
was vetting introduced ?
is subject to vetting ?
are existing teachers and non-teachers vetted ?
can not be employed by a school in any manner ?
in 2007 , was the high end of the salary range ?
can cause salaries to go higher than the range ?
would a preschool teacher make , salary-wise ?
must a teacher have , at a minimum ?
was the salary range listed valid for -LRB- month and year -RRB- ?
do counties sometimes offer to get more teachers ?
would these counties be trying to recruit for ?
would be expected from these counties ?
are retiring the most ?
must someone who wants to teach register ?
is considered an all graduate profession in scotland ?
offer an initial teacher education -LRB- ite -RRB- program ?
is upgraded , if requirements are met ?
is the start of the salary year ?
does a probationer earn , initially ?
does a probationer earn , after 6 years of service ?
would a probationer need to do to earn more money , after 6 years ?
can teachers register with ?
differs from other areas in the united kingdom regarding education ?
is used to educate in wales ?
are students required to learn welsh ?
used welsh primarily or exclusively ?
is welsh medium education available to ?
can teachers in wales register with ?
is happening to the average age of teachers in wales ?
were attacks on teachers the highest ?
is the nasuwt ?
are the attacks on teachers causing ?
in the us , decides on the requirements for teachers ?
is the longest time that a teaching certificate is good for ?
must a public school teacher have , at a minimum ?
may not require that its teachers be certified ?
may a charter school require that their teachers meet the standards to be highly qualified by ?
in general , were teachers paid in the past ?
has been getting much better in the most recent years ?
can generally increase a teacher 's salary ?
had the lowest median salary ?
are teachers using to sell their lesson plans ?
are there in christianity ?
has more of an individualistic streak ?
are the three major traditions present in christianity ?
is an abbreviation for the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints ?
may be a spiritual teacher in the lds church ?
does the lds church focus on ?
is expected to lead the family in spiritual mentorship ?
do priesthood representatives defer to , at times ?
is the name of the spiritual teacher in hinduism ?
do gurus control ?
is it common for spiritual mentorship to be extremely high ?
is the name of a teacher in tibetan buddhism ?
has a lama determined to do ?
is the name of a bodhisattva vow ?
has a lama agreed to be reborn ?
helped the lama determine to be reborn ?
teaches the proper way of living in islam ?
can decide on legal matters in islam ?
is the name of the mystical type of islam ?
is another name for exoteric ?
is the term for the highest living saint ?
was martin luther ?
did martin luther die ?
did luther reject ?
did the church claim could be avoided with money ?
did the church do when luther refused to retract his writings ?
since he did n't believe that salvation was acquired through good deeds , was it achieved ?
did martin luther believe achieved god 's grace ?
did luther 's theology oppose ?
did luther think was the only source of knowledge of god ?
to luther , were all baptized christians considered to be ?
did martin luther translate to impact german culture ?
did luther 's translation of the bible promote in the german language ?
did luther 's translation affect ?
did luther 's hymns translations influence ?
did martin luther 's marriage allow ?
was martin luther born ?
was luther born ?
was saxony a part ?
was martin luther baptized ?
did martin 's father want his son to pursue ?
did luther describe the university of erfurt ?
early did luther say he had to awaken every day ?
did luther describe his learning at the university ?
did luther get his degree ?
did luther start to pursue and immediately drop ?
did luther think the study of law meant ?
did martin luther prefer ?
did luther 's tutors advise him to test what he learned ?
did luther think reason could not be used to test ?
did the lightening event happen ?
did luther go on 17 july 1505 ?
did luther 's friend blame his sadness and entrance into the cloister ?
did martin 's father view his entering the cloister as a waste of ?
did martin luther devote all his attention ?
did luther describe his time in the order ?
did luther feel he made of christ ?
directed luther away from self-reflection and towards the merits of christ ?
did johann von staupitz teach luther repentance was ?
was martin luther ordained as a priest ?
asked luther to teach theology at the university of wittenberg ?
was luther called by von staupitz to wittenberg ?
did luther receive a degree in biblical studies ?
did luther 's degree in 1509 concern ?
did martin luther receive his doctor of theology ?
did luther enter into the senate of the theology faculty of the university of wittenberg ?
did luther have in wittenberg ?
did luther spend his career ?
did martin luther receive on 19 october , 1512 ?
was johann tetzel sent by the roman catholic church to germany to sell indulgences ?
was tetzel seeking money in germany ?
states that faith alone is n't enough to justify man ?
does man 's justification depend on in faith ?
is the catholic doctrine of fides caritate formata ?
did martin luther protest the sale of indulgences to his bishop ?
in 1517 was luther 's bishop ?
was luther 's disputation of martin luther on the power and efficacy of indulgences later called ?
contends that luther did not intend to oppose the church ?
the pope 's actions in building the basilica of st. peter with the money of the poor ?
did tetzel state that the soul could leave purgatory ?
objected to tetzel 's collections of money to free souls from purgatory ?
said that the sould would spring from purgatory through monetary donations ?
did martin luther say was the lone granter of forgiveness ?
were these indulgences supposed to grant the giver ?
did giving money to the church absolve the giver from ?
did luther say that christians must not slacken in following ?
did this statement of tetzel 's show about him ?
did tetzel overstate his teachings ?
were tetzel 's teachings in line with church dogma ?
has little foundation in truth ?
is a pillar of history ?
is the posting on the door based ?
was melanchthon at the time ?
do scholars agree on about the posting on the door story ?
was luther 's 95 theses translated into german ?
was one of the first to aid a controversy ?
translated and printed luther 's 95 these ?
did it take for the theses printing to spread thought germany ?
did it take for the theses to spread through europe ?
did luther 's writings to spread to france , england and italy ?
went to wittenberg to hear luther speak ?
was one of his most productive ?
were some of luther 's best-known works published ?
besides publishing to the christian nobility of the german nation and on the babylonian captivity of the church , other work did luther produce in 1520 ?
did martin luther do during 1510 to 1520 ?
did luther come to view in another way ?
did luther decide about the catholic church ?
is the central article of the christian doctrine ?
did luther publish on the bondage of the will ?
did luther consider faith to be ?
did luther explain his idea of justification ?
did luther believe the just person lives ?
was the first point of the reformation ?
became the foundation of the reformation ?
are there in the foundation of the reformation ?
did luther send a letter containing his 95 theses ?
after archbishop albrecht reviewed the theses , did he send them ?
did albrecht need the indulgences to pay for ?
went to rome ?
did archbishop albrecht send luther 's letter containing the 95 theses to rome ?
sought to undermine luther 's theories ?
did pope leo x launch against luther ?
was luther examined at augsburg by the papal legate ?
did luther tell the legate about the papacy ?
were the papal legate 's orders from the pope ?
did papal nuncio karl von miltitz get luther to make concessions ?
did luther promise to do as a concession ?
was determined to expose luther at this time ?
did luther use to back up his opinion that churchmen were not infallible ?
did johann eck call luther ?
did the pope warned luther of excommunication ?
did luther need to do to avoid excommunication ?
was the time limit on luther 's recantation of sentences ?
attempted to arrange a compromise ?
did pope leo x excommunicate luther ?
enforced the ban on the 95 theses ?
did luther appeared before the diet of worms ?
was the diet of worms an assembly ?
got a safe conduct pass for luther to come and leave the event ?
spoke to luther about his books on behalf of the empire ?
was johann eck the assistant ?
after asking if the books were his , did eck ask luther ?
did luther give his response to eck ?
did luther respond after being asked if the books were his ?
did luther do at the end of his speech ?
was the style of luther 's salute at the end of his speech ?
considers luther 's speech a world classic ?
did michael mullet call luther 's speech ?
did luther refuse to do ?
said , " here i stand .
is the statement doubtful in the eyes of scholars ?
does mullet think luther would choose ?
was the fate of luther decided ?
was the edict of worms presented ?
presented the edict of worms declaring luther to be an outlaw ?
could anyone do to martin luther without legal consequence ?
was planned for luther by frederick iii after the meeting ?
did the highwaymen take luther ?
did luther call his stay a wartburg castle ?
did luther translate into german at this time ?
did luther persuade archbishop albrecht to stop the sale of indulgences ?
did luther call good works that existed solely to attract god 's favor ?
did luther explain about acquiring god 's grace ?
did luther write to melanchhon about god 's grace ?
did luther expound to be greater than sin ?
does luther write that this life does n't have ?
did luther broaden his attacks to include core church doctrines ?
did luther describe the mass that was viewed as sacrifice ?
did luther call the mass instead of sacrifice ?
after rejecting compulsory confession , did luther call for ?
did luther tell monks and nuns about their vows ?
did luther broaden the reformation in terms of prophecy ?
did luther start preaching prophetic faith ?
was luther 's focus centered ?
is the prophecy in daniel that interested luther ?
did luther identify the papacy as ?
supported andreas karistadt in reform at wittenberg ?
did zwilling and karistadt become active at wittenberg ?
did the reforms cause ?
was responsible for causing more violence in wittenberg ?
asked luther to return to the city ?
did luther return to wittenberg ?
did luther think was required to stop the violence ?
did luther do during lent at this time ?
are the eight sermons called that luther preached in march 1522 ?
did luther want people to bring about change ?
was the effect of luther 's preaching ?
wrote a resounding letter to the elector praising luther ?
did schurf write to the elector ?
did schurf 's letter say luther 's return caused ?
were being brought back to the way of truth ?
did luther seek to restore ?
was luther 's force within the reformation ?
did luther banish ?
did the radical reformers cause in the new order ?
was nicholas storch ?
did storch and muntzer help instigate ?
did the german peasants war happen ?
did the peasants believe luther would do for them ?
did the peasants think luther would support an attack on ?
did luther remind the peasants to obey ?
did luther become angry at the widespread destruction of church property ?
did luther call the revolting peasants ?
did luther call on to stop the revolt ?
did luther justify his opposition to revolt ?
were the protesters doing with christ 's counsel ?
did st paul say all authorities were appointed ?
is this doctrine of god appointing authorities called ?
did luther say the revolting peasants deserve ?
did luther deny the rebels ?
defeated the rebels at the battle of frankenhausen ?
was the battle of frankenhausen ?
followed the battle ?
caused luther 's reformation to flourish ?
did martin luther marry ?
did luther smuggle 12 nuns out of a convent during the rebellion ?
was katharina when she married luther ?
was martin luther when he married ?
did luther save the group of nuns from the convent ?
were luther and his prospective bride engaged ?
was the couple married ?
besides the walk to the church , was left out of the day 's celebration ?
was the wedding banquet celebrated ?
married the wedding couple ?
was luther 's marriage seen as by others ?
was this ?
did luther condemn vows of celibacy ?
did luther fear to cause him to avoid marriage ?
did melanchthon call the marriage ?
did luther and his wife live ?
was the black cloister ?
did luther and his wife have ?
did luther state he would not exchange for his life with his wife ?
besides taking in boarders , did katharina help support the family ?
in organizing a new church , did luther find to be unworkable for congregations ?
did luther form in 1525 to 1529 ?
did luther establish as a worship service in his church ?
did luther write as an outline of the new faith ?
is luther 's thought about the extent of his church ?
did luther try to avoid in setting up his church ?
did luther play in other areas ' churches ?
was the new elector of saxony ?
did the relationship with the elector have on church government ?
did luther write a german mass ?
did luther not mean for the new mass to replace ?
was this new mass intended ?
did luther leave out of his new mass ?
did the new mass allow as regards ceremony ?
did luther introduce the new worship ?
began in 1527 when luther introdued the new order of worship ?
was assessed during this time ?
did luther say the common people knew nothing about ?
were many pastors unable to do ?
did luther devise to teach christianity to the congregation ?
did luther write the large catechism ?
was the large catechism directed ?
was the small catechism meant ?
did luther add to his catechisms ?
was one of luther 's most personal writings ?
besides the bondage of the will , other work did luther view as a book of his ?
is seen as a clear religious teaching ?
is still used today ?
is effective in teaching children ?
is useful for pastors ?
did luther show the trinity in his catechisms ?
does luther place salvation ?
did martin luther publish his translation of the new testament ?
was the old testament translation finished ?
did he work on refining until the end of his life ?
was luther criticized for adding in romans3 : 28 ?
according to luther justifies us ?
was the language luther used in his translations spoken ?
germans could understand the language luther used ?
did he want to make the language accessible to people ?
to promote accessibility of the works , did luther remove ?
at the time of martin luther was in demand ?
became popular ?
provided the woodcuts for luther 's bible ?
did the luther bible influence ?
was luther prolific ?
did luther use to connect his hymns ?
did luther use to celebrate worship ?
did luther use as accompaniment to his hymns ?
became a national instrument in germany ?
caused luther to write hymns ?
were johann esch and heinrich voes executed by the catholic church ?
did luther write after the martyrdom of esch and voes ?
is the english translator of this hymn ?
is the hymn known as in english ?
did luther write wir glauben all an einen gott ?
did this hymn presage ?
is the apostles located ?
was luther 's adapted from ?
have modern lutherans stopped using the hymn ?
did luther produce a hymnic version of the lord 's prayer ?
is the comparison found of this lord 's prayer hymn ?
was the hymn meant to examine students on ?
does the original manuscript show ?
do later versions of the lord 's prayer hymn still use ?
did luther write the hymn from depths of woe i cry to you ?
is the basis of the hymn ?
did luther use the hymn to encourage colleagues to do ?
was the first lutheran hymnal ?
did the hymn , aus tiefer not express ?
was the main one for advent ?
was the hymn based on ?
is a hauptlied ?
did luther write based on the ten commandments ?
did herr gott , dich loben wir become known as ?
does luther 's hymn christ unser herr zum jordan kam concern ?
did luther adapt for the hymn of psalm 67 ?
is psalm 67 about ?
used a lutheran hymn in his work ?
was the baptismal hymn used to introduce the reformation ?
were luther 's hymns included ?
were included in the achtliederbuch ?
hymns did luther contribute to the erfurt enchiridion ?
did luther write for the first choral hymnal ?
was the title of the first choral hymnal ?
did bach base entirely on luther chorales ?
is the earliest that bach began using luther hymns ?
did bach use more of luther 's hymns in his compositions ?
was the last use by bach of luther 's work ?
did luther believe that the soul does after death ?
did luther disavow about saints ?
did luther expound happened to souls after death ?
did luther think of purgatory ?
did luther describe the resting place of the saints ?
noticed that luther 's view of the soul after death differed from later theologians ?
differed in views about the soul from luther ?
observed that luther view of souls was different form later views ?
did gerhard lessing reach his conclusions about luther ?
did luther say that the soul does n't sleep , but rather has visions ?
stated that john jortin misunderstood luther ?
did blackburne make his argument about luther and souls ?
pointed out that the passage under dispute actually refers to a living man ?
did fritschel say the man 's sleep was disturbed by ?
did philip i convene an assembly to set doctrine in the protestant states ?
was philip i ?
was the marburg colloquy meant to establish ?
were agreed on ?
was not agreed on that was dear to luther ?
did the theologians differ on concerning the last supper ?
did luther insist was present in the bread and wine ?
did luther call the consecrated bread and wine ?
did luther 's opponents think that it meant about god 's presence ?
was the augsburg confession signed ?
paved the way for the augsburg confession ?
did protestant nobles form the following year after the signing of the augsburg confession ?
did not agree to sign these agreements ?
, besides john of saxony and philip of hesse , formed the schmalkaldic league ?
do scholars sometimes assert that luther believed about what faith and reason were to each other ?
did luther think that faith could not be understood by ?
did luther say that reason contributes to faith ?
was faith 's greatest enemy according to luther ?
by separating faith and reason , does luther honor ?
did luther state as a means of discouraging mistreatment of jews ?
did luther gradually see as hopeless in the reformation ?
did luther strike out against in later years ?
did luther write an extreme treatise against the jews ?
did luther view the ottoman turks ?
was the purpose of the turks in luther 's mind ?
since luther believed that the turks were sent by god , was their purpose ?
did luther view to be the antichrist ?
did luther support against the turks , even if he did not oppose a religious war ?
did luther read in 1542 ?
were mohammedanism and the turk ?
did luther view islam ?
would luther have in not wanting to ban the qur ` an ?
did johannes agricola preach that god 's gospel revealed ?
did luther think was behind the antinomian theses circulating in wittenberg ?
did agricola apparently believe about who should be in control law ?
did luther respond to agricola ?
did luther write in response to agricola and the antinomians ?
did luther 's answer to the antinomians reaffirms ?
is the use of the law by the holy spirit ?
is luther 's opinion of what the law covers ?
does refusing to preach the ten commandments not do ?
did luther claim the church would have to comprise if the law were not taught ?
do the ten commandments teach christians how to do ?
is god 's expression of eternal will , according to luther ?
teaching christians they should live is what use of the law ?
did luther consider christ 's life ?
should a christian follow in his life ?
renewed life ?
does the ten commandments ask of the christians ?
did philip i wish to do around 1539 ?
did luther get implicated in concerning philip i ?
did philip i want to marry ?
does history view as accountable for the error philip i made and luther 's advice in the matter ?
did this affair cause to luther 's reputation ?
had luther 's community done to jews years earlier ?
did luther write about , but seldom met ?
did luther 's area and tradition believe jews to be guilty of ?
did jews refuse to accept that caused luther to call them blasphemers and liars ?
did luther try to do for the jews ?
was luther 's major work of 60,000 words on the jews ?
was the large work published ?
was the work published ?
did luther contend the jews to be ?
as did robert michael view luther 's violent language towards the jews ?
did luther speak out about in saxony ?
did josel of rosheim blame for the condition of jews in saxony ?
did josel of rosheim claimed that luther said of those who might aid the jews ?
did josel ask the city of strasbourg to forbid the sale of ?
did riots cause the expulsion of jews from several german states ?
was the most widely read writer of his generation ?
added to antisemitism in germany ?
could be traced back to luther 's rhetoric ?
were widely quoted by the third reich ?
did der sturmer describe luther 's on the jews and their lies
did seven protestant churches agree with the nazi policy of forcing jews to wear yellow arm bands ?
did the churches claim had suggested expulsion of jews from germany ?
claimed luther 's writings were a blueprint of actions against jews ?
do some scholars view the nazi use of luther 's work ?
did martin brecht call luther 's stand on the jews ?
did this agitation provide later generations material for ?
was luther 's writings about the jews ignored , according to johannes wallmann ?
did roland bainton say about luther 's position on jews ?
thinks that luther added antisemitism as a cultural element to germany ?
did paul rose say luther added to german thought ?
aide the reich in germany in antisemitism ?
did these lutheran clerics use as fuel to bolster the policies of the nazis ?
does mark u. edwards claim as a possible cause of luther 's antisemitism ?
declined as his antisemitism increased ?
did luther often use in his discourses ?
did luther use violent rhetoric towards ?
is the title of edwards book about luther ?
have lutheran churches repudiated luther 's statements about the jews ?
did a survey of north american lutherans find that lutherans felt about jews compared to other minority groups ?
found that protestants voted for nazis more than catholics ?
were the elections that produced a higher vote by protestant nazi sympathizers than by catholics ?
was luther 's health for the years of 1531 to 1546 ?
contributed to luther 's failing health ?
did luther begin to experience in 1536 ?
by 1544 did luther have to deal with in his health ?
made luther even more short tempered than usual ?
was affected by his health ?
did luther 's writings sound as he became less healthy ?
did luther preach in halle in 1545 and 1546 ?
was luther 's last sermon preached ?
was luther 's last sermon ?
did luther say would allow the jews to stay ?
to was luther 's final journey ?
was luther involved in dealing with the minds in mansfeld ?
did luther travel to mansfeld twice ?
was a third visit to mnafeld scheduled ?
was luther concerned about in mansfeld ?
were the negotiations finished in mansfeld ?
after the negotiations were done did luther experience ?
luther went to bed quoting ?
is psalm 31:5 ?
did luther waken with more chest pains ?
took away his ability of speech ?
did martin luther die ?
did luther die ?
was luther buried ?
performed the funeral for martin luther ?
was later discovered written by luther ?
was most of the statement written ?
was in german ?
were used to advertise protestantism ?
were catholic saints portrayed ?
was luther presented as an image to spread protestantism ?
was the image of luther a contrast to the life of ?
were images being used to promote the spread of lutheranism ?
is luther commemorated in the lutheran calendar of saints ?
is luther commemorated ?
is luther commemorated by the church of england ?
is luther commemorated ?
is luther commemorated on the lutheran , episcopal , and church of england calendars ?
is southern california often abbreviated as ?
despite being traditionall described as " eight counties " , does this region actually have ?
is a major importance of southern california in relation to california and the united states ?
are the ties that best described what the " eight counties " are based on ?
the reasons for the las two counties to be added are based ?
is the name of the region that is not defined by the eight or 10 county definitions ?
are there in the united states ?
is the name of the state that the megaregion expands to in the east ?
does the megaregion extend over ?
is the name of the area past the border that the megaregion extends into ?
does southern california touch ?
does southern california 's population encompass ?
does the los angeles area contain ?
heavily populated areas has the least number of inhabitants ?
does the greater los angeles area have ?
is the name of the water body that is found to the east ?
is the name of the desert on the border of arizona ?
is the name of the desert near the border of nevada ?
is the name of the border to the south ?
the cities of los angeles and san diego are a part ?
is the population of los angeles ?
is the most populous in california ?
is the eighth most populous city in the nation ?
is san diego ?
are all the counties in ?
are los angeles , orange , san diego , san bernardino and riverside ?
is the lowest ranking one of the counties could have in terms of most populous counties in the united states ?
is the name given to the district that is associated with the motion picture industry ?
does the hollywood district belong to ?
owns abc ?
other than the motion picture and television industry , is centered in los angeles ?
other than universal and warner brothers , other company runs a major record company ?
other than surf , is southern california home to ?
is the name of the professional skateboarder that lives in southern california ?
lives in southern california ?
southern california is second in terms of famous serf breaks ?
is the shortened name of the annual yacht race that takes place ?
is the name of the desert city ?
other than the desert city do many locals and tourists frequent southern california ?
is palm springs located in ?
other than for its resort feel , is palm springs popular for ?
geographically speaking , is california 's north - south midway point in terms of latitude ?
south of san jose is the north - south midway point located ?
other than point conception , is used in the other definition of southern california ?
used to rule california ?
is located in the upper part ?
other than land laws , were the californios dissatisfied with ?
was the name given to the regions in which the pro - slavery southerners lived ?
did southern california attempt to achieve a separate statehood ?
was a strong advocate for the pico act ?
defined southern california ?
did the newspaper define southern california ?
was the newer county added to the list ?
initially made up the definition of southern california ?
organizations most commonly divide and promote the state ?
other than the automobile club of southern california , other aaa auto club chose to simplify the divide ?
influenced the split of the regions ?
in the definition based off the mountain range , would the desert portions of north los angeles county be included in ?
does southern california 's megalopolis standard in terms of population nationwide ?
has been left undeveloped ?
outside of its use of automobiles , is southern california famous for using ?
can be found inside the urban area of southern california ?
is the main gap to continued urbanization ?
other than the san diego metropolitan area , are the communities along interstates 15 and 215 connected with ?
considers los angeles county to be a separate metropolitan area ?
other than l.a. do many people commute to ?
did most of san bernardino and riverside counties develop ?
does southern california maintain ?
other than many sunny days , is typical for the climate in souther california ?
is the low end of the temperature range in summer ?
is snow in the southwest of the state ?
is the high end of the temperature range in winter ?
the region spans starting at islands found ?
describes southern california 's collection of landscapes ?
other than geologic and natural ecosystem landscapes can be found in southern california ?
the region spans other than the transverse ranges ?
does southern california experience in a year ?
was the 1994 northridge earthquake ?
did the 1994 earthquake cause the most of in us history ?
was the 1994 earthquake estimated to have cost ?
can produce a magnitude earthquake of 8.0 ?
can many faults produce ?
released a california earthquake forecast ?
the earthquake forecast models features of earthquakes in california ?
outside of national recognition , do some of the cities get ?
cities anchor the regions are often the hub for what kind of activity ?
southern california had a population of 22,680,010 according to the census ?
does southern california have a reputation for ?
is the state average growth rate ?
did northern california start to grow in the 2000s ?
began to grow and assert itself in the 2000s ?
is the name associated with the eight areas that make up a part of southern california ?
extended metropolitan areas are there ?
each of the extended metropolitan areas has a population exceeds what number ?
does the el centro metropolitan area and san diego-carslbad-san marcos metropolitan area form ?
is the population of the greater los angeles area ?
is the largest city in all of california ?
is the population of the second largest city in california ?
have over 200,000 residents ?
there are 34 cities in southern california have a population exceeding what number ?
other than san bernardino , is not in close proximity to the coast ?
southern california is most famous for tourism and notably named district ?
southern california 's economy can be described as one of the largest in the united states and other characteristic ?
was the effect of the housing crash on the region ?
describes the agricultural regions that could be found ?
outside of livestock , was considered a major industry in the agriculture regions ?
was the argricultural region known for ?
has managed to survive major military spending cutbacks ?
is southern california home to many of ?
does cbd stand for ?
is the only district in the cbd to not have " downtown " in it 's name ?
downtown santa monica and downtown glendale are a part ?
warner center is located ?
is an example of a district that belongs to which city ?
other than san bernardino , is the name of the other city that maintains the districts including university town ?
other than downtown san bernardino , and university town , is the name of another business district in the san bernardino-riverside area ?
is developing its business center ?
are international corporations headquartered ?
jamboree business parks belongs ?
does orange county envelop outside of downtown santa ana and newport center ?
is orange county developing its business centers ?
is the central business district of san diego ?
other than its main central business district , are the majority of san diego 's business districts located ?
contains business districts ?
is an example of a business district located in which city ?
is the second busiest airport in the united states ?
is the metric they use to determine how busy airports are ?
is the los angeles international airport ?
is home to the busiest single runway in the world ?
is the world 's busiest general aviation airport ?
is the name of the commuter rail system ?
does the commuter rail system have ?
lines run out of downtown los angeles ?
is the united states busiest commercial port ?
is the second busiest container port in the united states ?
the port of long beach belongs ?
is the moniker that is being used to describe the region 's diversified technology ?
is the region famous for ?
is the california institute of technology ?
does the university of california have ?
does the california state university have ?
the los angeles clippers are a team belonging ?
the los angeles angels of anaheim are from ?
is the other nhl team aside from the anaheim ducks to reside in southern california ?
is the lone mls team that belongs to southern california ?
was suspended from the mls ?
did los angeles used to have ?
resulted in the suspension of one of the two soccer teams ?
was the name of the stadium that the teams played in ?
is the suspended team scheduled to return ?
is popular in southern california ?
is the name of the team from usc ?
do the teams in southern california play in ?
the two listed teams play for ?
is a growing sport in southern california ?
is this sport becoming more popular ?
is rugby rapidly becoming with high schools ?
was formed by the merger of sky television and british satellite broadcasting ?
is the uk 's largest digital subscription television company ?
did bskyb acquire sky italia ?
is the name of the holding company for bskyb ?
is the name of the united kingdom operation for bskyb ?
was setanta sports awarded primeier leage rights to broadcast ?
was setanta awarded ?
purhcased the remaining 4 pacakages available to broadcasters ?
did sky bid to win the 4 broadcast pacakges they bought ?
was bskyb excluded from ?
did bskyb team up with because it was not part of the consortium ?
bskyb channels were available to customers prior to october 2005 ?
replaced sky travel ?
was sky travel later rebranded as ?
did bskyb chare additional subscription fees for ?
did sky launch a tv advertising campaign target towards women ?
allows customers to get sky + functions if they do not subscribe to bskyb 's channels ?
did bskyb discontinue the sky + box ?
is the name of the tv scrambling system bskyb uses ?
is videoguard owned by ?
is the parent company of nds ?
has design authority over all of the digital satellite receivers that are capable of using their service ?
is the name brand of the personal video recorder that bskyb offers ?
were removed from the network in march of 2007 ?
did bskyb and virgin media have a dispute over the carriage of sky channels on cable tv ?
did virgin media claim bskyb did that resulted virgin not carrying the channels anymore ?
did bskyb offer besides hd channels that they claimed offered " substantially more value " ?
did bskyb offer besides video on demand that they claimed offered " substantially more value " ?
did the english high court find microsoft 's use of the term " skydrive " infringed on sky 's right ?
did bskyb and microsoft announce their settlement ?
did microsoft announce that it would rename sky drive to ?
did microsoft announce that it would rename sky drive pro to ?
is the skydrive service ?
was the chief executive officer when the service began ?
's satellites would the new free-to-air channels be broadcast from ?
did bskyb end their analogue service ?
caused bskyb to end their analogue service ?
had bskyb service in 1994 ?
sky uk limited is formerly known ?
is sky uk limited ?
does sky uk limited have as a pay-tv broadcaster as of 2015 ?
took sky uk limited 's most popular spot ?
is the name of sky q 's broadband router ?
are the sky q mini set top boxes able to connect to ?
does connecting different sky q boxes enable them to do ?
is sky going to introduce uhd broadcasts ?
are the new sky q products going to be available ?
are bskyb 's standard definition broadcasts compliant with ?
sky movies and sky box office also include ?
is sky + hd material broadcast using ?
is the proprietary system that sky + hd uses ?
does most of the hd material use as a standard ?
was sky digital launched ?
was used when sky digital was launched ?
enabled sky digital to launch an all new digital service ?
could the new digital service carry ?
is the position of the satellite that allowed sky to broadcast channels almost elclusively for the united kingdom ?
did bskyb launch it 's hdtv service ?
were registered to receive the hd service prior to launch ?
was the name of the set top box manufacturer that bskyb was having issues with ?
was the number of customers that the bbc reported had yet to receive the service due to failed deliveries ?
was the total number of homes sky announced that had sky + hd in march of 2012 ?
did bskyb announce it 's intention to replace it 's free-to-air digital channels ?
did setanta sports say it would launch as a subscription service ?
was sentanta sports planning on launching on ?
were ntl 's services rebranded as ?
does bskyb 's sport portfolio include ?
are free-to-air encrypted broadcasts known as ?
do some encrypted broadcasts require to view ?
does a receiver have to be equipped with to view encrypted content ?
is the universal band that digital recievers will receive free to air channels on ?
is a videoguard uk equipped receiver dedicated to decrypt ?
were the talks held for braodcast right to the primier league for a five year period from the 1992 season ?
were the current rights holders for the primer league ?
did itv increase their yearly offer for control of the rights to broadcast the primer league to ?
was given the highlights of most of the matches ?
was bskyb going to pay for the primier league rights ?
does bskyb have an operating license from ?
is the fee range for accessing bskyb 's epg ?
was bskyb 's digital service launched ?
was the name of bskyb 's digital service launched under ?
did bskyb name their interactive service ?
did bskyb compete with initially ?
within the 30 days digiboxes had been sold ?
was virgin media rebranded from ntl telewest ?
was ntl telewest re-branded to in 2007 ?
did virgin media concentrate on instead of offering linear channels ?
was the one linear hd channel virgin media carried from november 2006 to july 2009 ?
was the name of the other hd channel virgin media could carry in the future ?
had bskyb 's direct-to-home satellite service available to them in 2010 ?
was the audience bskyb said they could reach ?
did bskyb first announce their target goal ?
was the target percentage of households bskyb wanted to reach ?
was happening to subscriber numbers in other areas of europe ?
did alec shelbrooke propose payments of benefits to be made on ?
could the supplemental nutrition assistance program purchase ?
did the uk parliment hear that a subscription to bskyb was ?
was the uk governments benefits agenchy checking in 2012 ?
did the benefits agency think sports channels on a tv bill meant ?
were the annual carriage fees for the channels ?
agreed to terminate high court proceedings with bskyb ?
agreed to terminate high court proceedings with virgin media ?
were high court proceedings being held about ?
does victoria have ?
according to gross state product does victoria rank in australia ?
rank does gps per capita set victoria ?
is called the sporting capital of australia ?
is the largest stadium in australia ?
is the asian influence strongest in victoria ?
were the lambing flat riots ?
was the 1857 riot ?
died in the typhoid outbreak of 1854 ?
were the conditions for miners in the gold fields in victoria ?
does the victorian legislative council have ?
does the state of victoria have ?
does each electorate have ?
is the term of office for each house member ?
are elections held for the victorian parliament ?
is strongest in melbourne 's working class suburbs ?
is strongest in melbourne 's affluent areas ?
is strongest in victoria 's northwestern and eastern regions ?
party rules in melbourne 's inner regions ?
is favored in bedigo and geelong ?
are christian ?
victorians are catholic ?
is victoria 's largest non-christian religion ?
victorians are non-religious ?
is victoria located ?
does victoria rank as to population density ?
is victoria compared to other australian states ?
is the capital of victoria ?
compared to other australian cities , is the size of melbourne ?
is the term for the original aboriginal people of victoria ?
did great britain claim australia ?
was victoria first set to be located in australia ?
was the first settlement in victoria ?
was victoria first settled ?
is farmed in grains ?
grows wheat ?
grows hay ?
does victoria produce in australian pears ?
does victoria produce ?
did victoria enact its constitution ?
is victoria 's constitution based ?
can amend the victorian constitution ?
are the exceptions in the constitution that require special considerations to amend ?
formed the parliament of victoria ?
is the weather type of mallee and upper wimmera ?
does the average temperatures exceed in the summer ?
is victoria 's highest monthly temperature ?
was the heatwave in which hopetoun recorded its highest temperature ?
are public schools in victoria ?
runs the public schools in victoria ?
since students do not pay tuition , do they have to pay for schooling in victoria ?
runs some private schools in victoria ?
set standards do all schools have to meet ?
is victoria soon losing ?
has toyota said it will close its victoria plant ?
did holden announce that it will close its victoria plant ?
will ford 's manufacturing plants close ?
is manufactured in broadmeadows ?
are victoria 's alpine regions ?
is the highest peak in victoria ?
is victoria 's mount bogong ?
are found in numbers in victoria ?
is the victoria state bird ?
is the coldest section of victoria ?
are the victorian alps a part ?
does the mountain system extend ?
is the temperature in the highest portion of the mountain range in winter ?
is the lowest recorded temperature in victoria ?
owns the rail lines in victoria ?
operates in melbourne ?
owns v/line ?
is pacific national ?
is metro trains melbourne ?
does victoria have in the australian house of representatives ?
does victoria have in the senate ?
is the lower house of the victorian parliament called ?
is the upper house of the parliament of victoria called ?
is the current governor of victoria ?
was victoria declared independent from new south wales ?
was gold found near ballarat ?
did the finding of gold in victoria cause ?
did the population of victoria increase in ten years after the discovery of gold ?
did victoria produce in the years of 1851-1860 ?
by august 2010 public schools did victoria have ?
were in victoria ?
were enrolled in public schools in victoria ?
does victoria have ?
go to catholic schools ?
is the center of dairy farming ?
are there in australia ?
are found in victoria ?
is produced in victoria ?
to is most of the abalone and lobster caught in victorian waters shipped ?
is the gauge of the victorian rail lines ?
have some lines been changed in the west of victoria ?
do two tourist lines use ?
were the narrow gauge rail lines built in victoria ?
were previously government owned ?
was the colony of new south wales founded ?
was the name of the eastern half of the colony of 1788 ?
was given to the western half of the colony ?
was the location of the colonial government that administered the new colony ?
was there a armed protest at ballarat about mining taxes ?
was the incident over taxes at ballarat called ?
did colonial authorities reduce because of the ballarat revolt ?
the passage of act gave victoria its own government ?
does the premier of victoria need to lead in the legislative assembly ?
sets the legislative agenda in victoria ?
can be in the victorian cabinet ?
is the current premier of victoria ?
are victorian cabinet members chosen ?
did the gross agricultural product increase from 2003-04 ?
was the increase of agricultural products in 2003-04 ?
are there in victoria ?
do farms use in victoria ?
is taken up by farms ?
do events in victoria 's economy play ?
besides cultural events , does victoria have ?
do other tourist events happen in victoria outside of melbourne ?
is held at bells beach in victoria ?
was france 's huguenot population largely centered ?
was the proportion of huguenots to catholics at their peak ?
were the wars of religion fought ?
ended the wars of religion ?
was the center of the calvinist movement ?
was given to the plot to usurp power from the french house of guise ?
did this attempt take place ?
helped spread protestantism in france ?
did the first french language bible appear ?
translated this version of the scriptures ?
jean de rely 's illustrated french-language scriptures were first published ?
were the towns granted to the huguenots in 1598 collectively called ?
was the most important of these cities or towns ?
france laid siege to montpellier ?
did the first huguenot colonists settle ?
is located on the original huguenot colony ?
was the first huguenot to arrive at the cape of good hope ?
helped settle huguenots near the cape ?
did huguenots colonize in north america ?
led the north american huguenot colonial expedition ?
was the name of the first huguenot church in the new world ?
is that first huguenot church known today ?
did huguenot nobility settle ?
did the huguenots in south carolina purchase land from ?
charleston settler elie prioleau was from ?
did the huguenots secure the right to own land in the baronies ?
did the huguenots settle near ?
was louis xiv 's main rival ?
rose up to oppose louis xiv 's france ?
european country did the huguenots feel kinship for emigration to ?
did france and the dutch fight in the 17th century ?
abolished protestantism in france ?
was this edict declared ?
issued this declaration ?
huguenots fled france by the 1700s ?
specifically opposed the huguenots ?
was the worst example of huguenot persecution ?
huguenots were killed during this purge ?
did the huguenots defend themselves ?
was a non-religious reason for the massacre ?
did these rebellions take place ?
looked out for the welfare of the group ?
resumed persecution of the huguenots ?
were the civil wars caused by the huguenots called ?
protestants live in france today ?
is protestant today ?
has a large protestant population ?
is the southern region where protestants are concentrated ?
was settled by huguenots ?
was settled by huguenots ?
is designated as a historical landmark ?
is located within this district ?
is there a neighborhood called huguenot ?
initially received the largest number of huguenot refugees ?
emigrated to the dutch republic ?
was the population of the dutch republic before this emigration ?
were first to grant rights to the huguenots ?
predicated the emigration of huguenot refugees ?
was the gate known ?
allegedly haunted the gate ?
were the " supposedly reformed " known ?
did these reformed supposedly gather to engage in huguenot rituals ?
did huguenots and walloons settle in england ?
was the site of a weaving school in canterbury ?
did huguenot refugees in canterbury practice ?
were sites of huguenot settlement ?
french church street is ?
had huguenot mayors in the 1600s and 1700s ?
is d'olier street ?
d'olier street is named ?
the french church in portarlington was built ?
is the common term for the loss of key members of french society to huguenot emigration ?
was the name of france 's primary colony in the new world ?
were not allowed to settle in new france ?
did the british defeat new france ?
was henry iv known as before taking the throne ?
did henry issue the edict of nantes ?
did the edict do for huguenots in france ?
did henry renounce upon ascending the throne ?
was required of huguenot children after the edict was revoked ?
did the revocation restrict huguenot travel ?
huguenots emigrated to north america as colonists ?
were huguenots who stayed in france eventually known as ?
besides britain and north america , did huguenot refugees settle ?
were the first two destinations of huguenot emigres ?
was the french colony in modern day brazil founded ?
was the brazilian french colony called ?
was fort coligny destroyed ?
did the huguenots confess their faith to the portuguese in brazil ?
descended from huguenot settlers ?
can one find the formerly huguenot farms in south africa ?
identifies the french ancestry of some south africans ?
was a huguenot descendant ?
was descended from huguenots ?
is the last huguenot congregation in the us ?
is maintained by huguenots as a historic shrine ?
is the largest huguenot society located ?
was centered in bedfordshire ?
is erroneously believed by some to have huguenot influence ?
is there to huguenot lacemakers in the 19th century ?
did mechlin lace develop ?
were the two huguenot neighborhoods created in berlin ?
spoke french by 1700 ?
did berlin huguenots switch to german from french in their services ?
did this occupation take place ?
other northern european cities had huguenot congregations ?
had a calvinist ruler ?
after huguenots fled france , their last remaining bastion was ?
did the 18th century huguenot group call themselves ?
against did the camisards rise up to fight ?
was the leader who established the colony at florida ?
was the name of the florida huguenot colony ?
attacked and destroyed this colony ?
was the colony destroyed ?
was the name of the first huguenot outpost in south carolina ?
was this settlement near ?
established the settlement at st. augustine ?
did ribault first establish a settlement in south carolina ?
caused the huguenots to abandon charlesfort ?
were huguenot settlers promised land ?
were huguenot land grants ?
was actually granted to the huguenots on arrival ?
settled in manakintown ?
was the dutch revolt ?
did the dutch fight in the dutch revolt ?
condemned the spanish inquisition ?
led the dutch revolt and wrote apologie ?
was the dutch leader 's religious affiliation ?
made that country more welcoming to huguenots ?
was this naturalization act passed ?
about walloons and huguenots emigrated to england and ireland in this era ?
was the famous huguenot theologian and writer in london ?
did lortie criticize openly ?
featured huguenot regiments ?
had large huguenot enclaves ?
did the huguenots contribute to in ireland ?
helped establish the huguenot settlement in saarland ?
did the prince strike an arrangement with ?
did the nobleman establish with this settlement ?
did some members of this community emigrate to the us ?
was the agreement to allow the saarland settlement reached ?
received huguenot refugees ?
general religious belief did the nations that received huguenot refugees have in common ?
accepted huguenot colonists ?
made emigration to these colonies attractive ?
did the huguenot name possibly descend ?
is the theory that this king 's name is the origin of " huguenot " called ?
according to the theory , does the name " huguenot " mean ?
was one french pro-reform roman catholic of the 15th century ?
did this pro-reform leader teach ?
did this leader publish a french language bible ?
was a student of lefevre ?
was educated at the university of paris ?
was the st. bartholomew 's day massacre ?
killed thousands of huguenots ?
huguenots were killed in toulouse ?
was amnesty granted to those responsible for the massacre ?
reports document that parisien protestants were killed by september 17 ?
became king in 1643 ?
did the new king react to the huguenots ?
was the king 's first approach to the huguenots ?
did the king do to regarding huguenot education ?
is new rochelle in ?
did the huguenots land in new york originally ?
did the huguenots purchase the land where they settled ?
was new rochelle named after ?
is the name of the third , permanent huguenot church in new rochelle ?
were huguenot settlers assimilated into north american society at large ?
did huguenots continue to use french names ?
was the name of du pont 's gunpowder operation ?
was a prominent huguenot in holland ?
did he begin teaching ?
did bayle publish ?
is the patron saint of the huguenots ?
was established in england ?
was the charter for this church signed ?
is the present-day location of this church ?
attracted huguenot refugees ?
was the old truman brewery founded ?
made northern european counties safe for huguenot immigration ?
gave huguenots special privileges in brandenburg ?
did frederick william hold ?
did huguenot immigration have on frederick 's army ?
invited huguenot immigration ?
was descended from huguenots ?
was of huguenot ancestry ?
was the final prime minister of east germany ?
along with geothermal and nuclear , is a notable non-combustion heat source ?
analyzes the process by which steam engines work ?
in the rankine cycle , does water turn into when heated ?
is water heated in the rankine cycle ?
are steam engines ?
was the first true engine that was commercially successful ?
was the inventor of the atmospheric engine ?
was the atmospheric engine invented ?
was invented by savery ?
conceptualized the piston ?
was a full-scale working railway steam locomotive first invented ?
did the first railway trip in the world occur ?
did the world 's first railway journey terminate ?
constituent country of the united kingdom is merthyr tydfil located ?
is abercynon located ?
is used to recycle the boiler water in most steam engines ?
are typically used in industrial boilers ?
were injectors widely used in steam engines ?
is a notable application of injectors today ?
are injectors used to supply ?
are used by the triple expansion engine ?
are engines using four expansion stages known as ?
was the yarrow-schlick-tweedy balancing system used ?
utilized the yarrow-schlick-tweedy balancing system ?
is an example of large passenger liners ?
utilized separate admission and exhaust valves to give ideal events ?
along with stephenson and walschaerts , is an example of a simple motion ?
is lap provided by overlapping the admission side port ?
are sometimes present in the boiler 's firebox crown ?
happens to the lead fusible plugs if the water level of the boiler drops ?
happens after the lead melts ?
after the operators are warned by the escape of the steam , may they then do ?
is the escape of the steam unlikely to accomplish in all but the smallest boilers ?
patented a steam engine in 1781 ?
did watt 's steam engine continuously produce ?
was watt 's engine ?
as year were 10000 horsepower engines available ?
was the steam engine an important component of ?
did the history of the steam engine begin ?
conceptualized the aeolipile ?
was hero of alexandria 's nationality ?
described a steam turbine in 1629 ?
did jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont patent a water pump for draining mines ?
became widespread around the end of the 19th century ?
are the stages in a compound engine called ?
were double and triple expansion engines common ?
along with electric motors , sources overtook steam engines in the 20th century ?
was notably shipped in vessels equipped with double and triple expansion engines ?
the use of device represented the last major evolution of the steam engine ?
were steam turbines introduced ?
are steam turbines usually more efficient than steam engines that use reciprocating pistons ?
is made by steam turbines ?
most sort is generated by steam turbines today ?
is the usual source of heat for boiling water in the steam engine ?
aside from firebox , is another name for the space in which combustible material is burned in the engine ?
along with nuclear , geothermal and internal combustion engine waste heat , sort of energy might supply the heat for a steam engine ?
is often used in toy steam engines ?
is used to examine steam engine performance ?
saw the earliest recorded use of the steam engine indicator ?
developed the most successful steam engine indicator ?
developed a successful steam engine indicator for charles porter ?
was the charles porter steam engine indicator shown ?
are the pistons of a two-cylinder compound connected to the cranks ?
in a 4-cylinder compound engine , were the individual pistons balanced at ?
were the groups of pistons set in relation to one another in a 4-cylinder compound ?
is a term for the reversing of steam flow in a piston engine after each stroke ?
occur in an engine cycle ?
crank rotations are there in an engine cycle ?
occur in an engine cycle ?
along with admission , exhaust and compression , is an event in the engine cycle ?
is the name of a uniflow engine that takes in steam in hot areas and exhausts it in cold ?
the uniflow engine is an attempt to fix an issue arises in what cycle ?
is added to the uniflow engine to resolve the issue in the counterflow cycle ?
does n't need valves to direct steam ?
is another term for the pivot mounting ?
along with toys , are oscillating cylinder steam engines typically used ?
full size working engines on vehicles sometimes use oscillating cylinder steam engines ?
happens to the working fluid in a closed loop system ?
releases the exhaust steam into the atmosphere ?
is used in a mercury vapor turbine ?
is the typical working fluid in a steam engine ?
is the turbine entry temperature of a steam turbine , in degrees celsius ?
is 565 ° c the creep limit of ?
is a turbine 's theoretical carnot efficiency ?
is the approximate condenser temperature in a turbine ?
have been credited as the moving force of the industrial revolution ?
along with road vehicles , locomotives and ships , on vehicles were steam engines used during the industrial revolution ?
is an example of a steam-powered automobile ?
along with mills and mines , in industrial locations did steam drive machines ?
did the use of steam engines in farming lead to ?
was the name of the locomotive that debuted in 1808 ?
designed salamanca ?
was salamanca ?
was salamanca used ?
did stephenson build a locomotive in 1825 ?
patented a high-pressure compound engine in 1805 ?
was arthur woolf ?
is decreased by staging expansion across multiple cylinders ?
to be larger to get the same work out of lower pressure steam ?
was made by steam turbine in the 1990s ?
were less efficient than steam turbines ?
have overtaken steam engines for marine propulsion ?
were used throughout most of the 20th century to propel ships ?
gearing was used on steam turbine marine engines in the 20th century ?
is the steam engine 's thermodynamic basis ?
happens to waste heat in the rankine cycle ?
did the rankine cycle create 90 % of electric power ?
along with solar , coal and nuclear , sort of plants notable use the rankine process ?
is william rankine 's nationality ?
was the efficiency of a steam engine typically evaluated ?
was the average duty of a low-pressure watt engine ?
was the ideal duty of a newcomen engine ?
is the weight of a bushel of coal in pounds ?
invented the notion of a steam engine 's duty ?
became popular for power generation after piston steam engines ?
produced most power up to the early 20th century ?
produces most electricity in the world today ?
superseded piston steam engines ?
developed the first commercial steam powered device ?
was the first steam powered device used commercially ?
was the first commercial steam powered device invented ?
notably improved the savery water pump ?
wrote of the savery water pump in 1751 's philosophical transactions ?
invented a high-pressure steam engine around 1800 ?
created an engine using high pressure steam in 1801 ?
did richard trevithick patent his device ?
high pressure steam engines were small enough that they could be used ?
were steam engines used as a source of ?
has been notably working on a steam engine using modern materials ?
is energiprojekt ab based ?
does the energiprojekt ab engine have ?
does the energiprojekt ab engine use ?
has the energiprojekt ab engine achieved ?
do power station steam turbines use as a cold sink in the absence of chp ?
is a dry cooling tower similar to ?
are dry cooling towers used ?
is used by a 700-megawatt coal-fired power plant for evaporative cooling hourly ?
did watt add to the steam engine in 1788 ?
was the name of watt 's partner ?
was the centrifugal governor first observed by boulton ?
is an examine of work that a centrifugal governor-equipped steam engine was n't suitable for ?
was the centrifugal governor incapable of doing ?
was compounding frequently used in marine engines ?
was compounding seen as being in the locomotive construction industry ?
did compounding cease to be used in britain ?
along with marine engines and industrial units , in machines was compounding popular ?
is another term for shortening the admission event ?
is another term for excessive compression ?
can the exhaust steam not fully do when the exhaust event is insufficiently long ?
are engine cycle events when the simplest valve gears are used ?
received the first steam engine patent ?
was the nationality of jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont ?
did jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont receive a steam engine patent ?
did savery patent his steam pump ?
did newcomen 's engine pump in a mine ?
is another term for rotors ?
in a steam turbine , are rotors mounted on ?
is another way of referring to stators ?
are stators attached to ?
in the united states , is a usual turbine speed with 60 hertz of power ?
is the power-to-weight ratio of a steam plant compared to that of an internal combustion engine ?
along with internal combustion engines , machines have superseded steam in some areas ?
create most electric power ?
is the name of the movement that seeks renewed use of steam power in the modern era ?
along with fuel sources , concern has contributed to the development of the advanced steam movement ?
is an example of a rotary engine without pistons ?
could be replaced by a pistonless rotary engine ?
makes it difficult to seal the rotors in an engine that lacks pistons ?
did watt finish the development of his improvements to newcomen 's engine ?
did watt add to newcomen 's engine between 1763 and 1775 ?
compared to smeaton 's improvement on newcomen 's engine , coal did watt 's engine use ?
was an atmosphere design ?
in an atmospheric engine , does air pressure push against ?
does a typical steam engine have to keep boiler pressure from getting too high ?
is restrained with a lever in the top of a boiler ?
is used by recent safety valves ?
along with a desire for more steam pressure , were early drivers looking to generate when they fastened safety valves down ?
was the ultimate development of the horizontal engine ?
was the corliss engine patented ?
less steam did the corliss engine use compared to the watt engine ?
did the corliss engine use ?
was given to corliss ?
scientific field 's theory has received contributions from the steam engine ?
made experimental measurements on a model steam engine ?
was developed from watt 's measurements on a model steam engine ?
confirmed watt 's discovery of latent heat ?
concept , originally discovered by black , was later discovered independently by watt ?
is a main advantage of the rankine cycle ?
during the compression stage of the rankine cycle , is the working fluid in ?
is consumed by the pump while the work fluid is condensed ?
is the approximate turbine entry temperature of a gas turbine ?
is an example of a pump component ?
in addition to recirculating water , do condensers do ?
raise steam temperature above its saturated vapor point ?
is another name for a coal supply bin ?
moves coal from a bunker to the firebox ?
the frequent availability of substance allowed land-based steam engines to exhaust a great deal of steam ?
invented the steam turbine ?
was an example of a type of warship that required high speed ?
other than warships , ships typically required high speeds ?
was hms dreadnought launched ?
do nuclear power plants heat to create electricity ?
does the steam generated by a nuclear power plant drive ?
in a nuclear power plant , is the steam turbine connected to ?
is it called when steam propels a turbo generator with electric motor propulsion ?
were non-condensing direct-drive locomotives notably used for fast passenger trains ?
is the rankine cycle sometimes called ?
does heat rejection occur in the rankine cycle ?
does isobaric mean ?
is a term that means constant temperature ?
in the rankine cycle , state is the working fluid received in the condenser ?
is the second most abundant element ?
combine to form dioxygen ?
roughly , oxygen makes up the earth crust ?
makes up 20.8 % of the earth 's atmosphere ?
is diatomic oxygen ?
makes up almost half of the earth 's crust by mass ?
is the atomic number for oxygen ?
are the three most abundent elements of the universe by mass ?
is the atomic number of the element oxygen ?
is oxygen a member ?
does oxygen most commonly form ?
compared to other elements , does oxygen rank ?
do two atoms of oxygen form ?
photosynthesis uses for oxygen from water ?
is found in most organic organisms ?
major portion of living things is oxygen found ?
produces oxygen in the presence of light ?
does photosynthesis get oxygen ?
is composed of three oxygen atoms ?
proved that air is necessary for combustion ?
showed that fire only needed nitoaereus ?
is consumed in both combustion and respiration ?
showed that air is a necessity for combustion ?
did john mayow name the part of air that caused combustion ?
did mayow and boyle perform their experiments ?
besides combustion , other action did mayow show nitroaereus responsible ?
showed that fire needed only a part of air ?
" an account of further discoveries in air " was published in 1775 ?
was the occupation of joseph priestley ?
by sunlight , did priestley concentrate on to make the gas he called " dephlogisticated air " ?
did priestley use in his experiments on oxygen ?
did priestley name the gas his experiment produced ?
did priestley publish the findings of his experiments ?
is priestley usually given credit for being first to discover oxygen ?
did breathing priestley 's discovered gas have on the experiment 's mouse ?
built on to the findings of philo of byzantium ?
was the first known experiments on combustion and air conducted ?
wrote about experiments on air and combustion ?
did philo incorrectly assume that the air became ?
was the title of philo 's work ?
later further investigated philo 's experiments ?
did da vinci think a part was consumed during combustion ?
is needed to make combustion happen ?
is a spark or heat to the progress of a fire ?
rather than the fuel , is oxygen to a fire ?
can concentrated oxygen produce ?
does oxygen the basis for in combustion ?
can add to a fire ?
was the cause of the apollo 1 disastrous outcome ?
will concentrated oxygen greatly speed up ?
because of the danger inherent in concentrated oxygen , is a concern about keeping it ?
does the transport and storage demand for safety in dealing with oxygen ?
did a pressurized oxygen cabin fire kill ?
is oxygen found in small amounts in the atmosphere ?
is composed of oxygen oxides ?
is composed of mostly of silicates of iron and magnesium ?
is larger than the crust ?
aside from oxides , other compounds comprise a large portion of the earth 's crust ?
did john dalton think that all elements were in number present in compounds ?
did dalton think the atomic ratios were between atoms in compounds ?
was dalton 's erroneous formula for water ?
did gay-lussac and von humboldt discover was present in twice the amount of oxygen in water ?
was arrived at in 1811 that presented the assumption of diatomic molecules ?
were considered to have little philogiston ?
was absent from philogiston theory ?
was an early clue that philogiston theory was wrong ?
is dioxygen most simply described ?
is the bond order of dioxygen molecules ?
is a descriptive term for a low-to-high energy bond ?
in dioxygen are the two oxygen atoms bonded together ?
does the covalent double bond result from ?
did carl wilhelm scheele discover oxygen ?
did joseph priestley recognize oxygen ?
first used the word oxygen ?
did lavoisier experiments discredit ?
is the term for the arrangement of two unpaired electrons in dioxygen ?
is the o2 molecule referred to in its ground state ?
causes triplet oxygen to react slowly ?
does the slow reaction of triplet oxygen prevent ?
are the weakly filled higher orbitals of oxygen ?
did lavoisier conclude was consumed by combustion in his experiments ?
did lavoisier see that the tin he used in his experiment had increased ?
did lavoisier perceive the air had lost as much as the tin had gained
did lavoisier publish his work on combustion ?
was deemed lifeless by lavoisier ?
is ozone a reactive part of oxygen ?
does ozone 's characteristic to cause damage effect ?
does ozone perform for the planet ?
does ozone absorb ?
is the most common form of oxygen on the planet ?
is comprised of oxygen ?
makes it necessary to life ?
is oxygen used by animal life ?
managed to make enough liquid oxygen to use for study ?
did dewar experiment on liquid oxygen ?
was liquid oxygen developed for commercial use ?
was demonstrated in 1901 ?
is more soluble than nitrogen ?
upon chemical characteristic is oxygen 's solubility dependent ?
is found is a liter of fresh water under normal conditions ?
does oxygen dissolve more slowly ?
more oxygen dissolves at 0 degrees c than at 20 degrees c ?
does oxygen rank by mass in the planet 's biosphere ?
is oxygen ranked as abundant in the universe ?
is made up of oxygen ?
is oxygen a major part ?
is oxygen produced from carbon dioxide on the other planets of the solar system ?
did researchers see that they could liquefy air ?
means were scientists able to liquefy air ?
told the french academy of sciences that he had found how to liquefy oxygen ?
was produced by early french experimenters ?
was oxygen liquefied in a stable form ?
eluded efforts to measure oxygen ?
does the sun have in higher proportion than earth ?
contained data to determine the oxygen content of the sun ?
was involved the the depletion of the sun 's oxygen 16 ?
before , did sol lose oxygen 16 ?
is the name for a form of oxygen in which electrons are paired ?
is singlet oxygen more reactive ?
is singlet oxygen usually formed ?
is singlet oxygen made in the tropophere ?
absorb singlet oxygen to prevent harm ?
seek to measure the amounts of oxygen in marine animals ?
do paleoclimatologists want information ?
is oxygen 18 than oxygen 16 ?
do marine animals acquire in greater amounts during cooler climatic conditions ?
is oxygen 18 in seawater at higher levels ?
wavelength do the spectrophotometric bands peak ?
to monitor event would measuring radiance from vegetation provide information ?
from would scientists like measure vegetation radiance ?
would scientists show measurements of vegetation ?
style of sensing do scientist like to use to measure global radiance ?
do triplet o2 have ?
in experiments , a bridge of element can be built between poles of a magnet ?
the spin of can produce a magnetic effect to oxygen molecules ?
is necessary to produce a magnet effect in oxygen molecules ?
is used to test the magnetic attractions involved in liquid oxygen ?
do the reactive forms of oxygen produce in organisms ?
do organisms make peroxide and superoxide ?
against does reactive oxygen play in plant defense ?
is oxygen toxic ?
did o2 begin to acculturate in the atmosphere ?
will oxygen condense ?
is the clarity of liquid oxygen ?
is used to make high quality liquid o2 ?
is used as a coolant in the process of making liquid oxygen ?
must liquid oxygen be separated ?
is free oxygen found ?
temperatures is o2 more soluble ?
do polar water bodies support a higher amount of life ?
do scientists used to determine the quality of water ?
did photosynthetic organisms evolve on earth ?
did free oxygen begin appearing in quantity ?
at first , did oxygen and iron combine to form ?
long ago did oxygen reach 10 % of its present level ?
did oxygen begin to move from the oceans to the atmosphere ?
produces the high levels of oxygen on earth ?
is the oxygen cycle ?
is oxygen stored in its cycle ?
is responsible for the planet 's oxygen content ?
does photosynthesis release into the earth 's atmosphere ?
can be used to make oxygen ?
will a zeolite sieve produce ?
while producing oxygen , does a zeolite sieve absorb ?
is the non organic separating of gases ?
is the sieve method of gas production used ?
electrolysis of can be used to produce oxygen and hydrogen ?
does the electrolysis of water produce ?
is needed for electrolysis ?
is the source of oxygen production through electrocatalytic means ?
can be used to produce oxygen ?
is oxygen used in bars ?
is the effect on humans of oxygen ?
do professional athletes seek to boost from breathing oxygen ?
is the most likely effect of breathing oxygen ?
does research show receives a boost in performance from oxygen ?
does increased oxygen concentrations in the patient 's lungs displace ?
to what pathogen causes gas gangrene is oxygen poisonous ?
occurs after a dive in which a diver decompresses too quickly ?
is used to benefit patients with hearth and lung disorders ?
by decreasing resistance to blood flow in the lungs , organ 's workload can be eased ?
is used to increase oxygen uptake in a patient ?
is the uptake from oxygen necessary ?
does oxygen therapy promote the body to take up ?
causes it to form bonds with other elements ?
is usual form of oxygen bound compounds ?
is the mineral wustite ?
does oxygen cause to form on metals ?
does the film of oxide on metals delay ?
would necessitate airline passengers to need a supplemental supply of oxygen ?
is the type of oxygen production for emergency oxygen in airlines ?
is present in the emergency oxygen generator of an airplane ?
does the airline exothermic reaction produce ?
do oxygen tanks , cryogenics , and chemical compounds serve as for oxygen ?
is bulk oxygen shipped ?
is oxygen shipped in bulk ?
is oxygen transported in smaller containers ?
would need large quantities of pure oxygen ?
contain oxygen ?
is oxygen a necessary part ?
do compounds like phenol and acetone serve in the manufacture of many other substances ?
is oxygen part of a ring arrangement ?
are the compounds that contain oxygen considered in commerce ?
are oxygen found ?
biomolecules contain no oxygen ?
contain the greatest amount of oxygen by mass ?
besides fats , fatty acids , and amino acids , other organic compounds contain oxygen ?
containing body part is oxygen a part ?
can deep sea diving cause ?
pressures greater than can lead to convulsions ?
is the most feared condition that divers want to avoid ?
can acute oxygen toxicity cause ?
is breathing oxygen in space craft not dangerous to health ?
is the oxygen partial pressure of space suits ?
is the oxygen breathed in space suits ?
does breathing oxygen in space conditions cause ?
can oxygen gas produce a toxic condition ?
does oxygen toxicity begin to happen ?
is 50 kilopascals equal ?
can be a concern for oxygen toxicity ?
is usually supplied by a medical mask ?
did the 1973 oil crisis begin ?
was the price of oil in march of 1974 ?
was the second oil crisis ?
was another term used for the oil crisis ?
proclaimed the oil embargo ?
did the european nations and japan separated themselves from united states during the crisis ?
did henry kissinger negotiate an israeli troop withdrawal from the sinai peninsula ?
did the arab oil producers lift the embargo ?
did the united states withdraw from the bretton woods accord ?
does it mean when currencies are left to " float ? "
was there a depreciation of the industrialized nations dollars ?
did oil start getting priced in the terms of gold ?
did oil start getting priced in terms of gold ?
did the price of oil increase ?
did opec start to readjust oil prices ?
did oil finally returned to its bretton woods levels ?
the price of oil is usually a stable commodity until ?
did syria and egypt launch a surprise attack on israel ?
was the world 's second largest oil producer ?
more did the other nations have to pay for oil after the surprise attack ?
is a close ally of the united states ?
did opec raise the price of oil to $ 5.11 ?
did they raise the price of oil to $ 5.11 ?
did the oil ministers agree to a cut in oil production ?
was the emergency aid to israel ?
did opec block oil deliveries to the united states ?
did saudi arabia spend on spreading wahhabism ?
benefited from the funds distributed by the religious charity , al-haramain foundation ?
some of the income went to the purchase of arms exacerbated political tension especially in which area ?
is one of the reason that underdeveloped nations received aid from the oil income ?
is a fundamentalist interpretation of islam called ?
is one of the reason that us production has been held responsible for recessions and lower economic growth ?
us is concerned about confrontation of the middle east ?
interest groups and government agencies were concerned with energy were no match for who ?
has a negative influence over the us economy ?
on an international level , is affected ?
consists of both inflationary and deflationary impacts ?
the oil crisis caused oil companies to increase oil supplies ?
does it take for new areas to have significant oil production ?
faced a complete embargo in the eec ?
the uk and france had non interruptions in their oil supply as they did not allow to use their airfield ?
is a traditional ally of israel ?
wanted israel to withdraw from its border ?
is not badly hit by the embargo ?
caused uk to have an oil crisis in its own country ?
did the series of strikes happen ?
name one country banned boating , driving and flying on sundays .
rationed gasoline and heating gas ?
made the oil crisis worse in the us ?
are newly discovered oil sold at a higher price ?
was scarcity managed in many countries ?
is the first administrator of the federal energy office ?
was he elected by nixon ?
was this short termed organization created ?
according to the aaa , is the percentage of the gas stations that ran out of gasoline ?
is the speed limit set to reduce consumption ?
is the name of the law which imposed the speed limit ?
ended the emergency energy conservation act ?
was the national highway designated act signed ?
was the cabinet-level energy department created ?
was the catalyst that created greater interest in renewable resources ?
there is criticism that the energy policies are expensive quick fixes ignore which facts ?
backed policies that have solutions that sound good but have poor prospects ?
was thinking about going to war to forcibly take middle eastern oil fields ?
was worried that the us would invade the middle east ?
would the invasion of the middle east have to last in order to develop renewable resources ?
would the occupation alienate ?
is the most dependent on arab oil ?
imported oil came from the middle east ?
to force japan to be more involved in the crisis , did saudi and kuwaiti government do ?
did japan release a statement to tell israelis to withdraw from the palestine ?
was japan accepted as an arab-friendly state ?
show the insecurity of the middle east ?
became dependent on us 's security assurance to threats ?
became 5 times more than israel ?
did the shah kingdom start to collapse ?
did the wahhabi seized the grand mosque in mecca ?
sized cars were the least demanded cars in the crisis ?
became more highly sought after as they were more fuel efficient ?
does the american car typically have ?
became the de facto mass market leaders ?
did honda , toyota and nissan open us assembly plants ?
name an extra was added to the production of the compacts .
did mitsubishi rename its forte to ?
american car companies rolled out with their domestic replacement cars , which policy ended ?
did gm , ford and chrysler introduced fuel-efficient and small cars to the us market ?
can the ford fiesta accommodate ?
did the american cars mpg start to improve ?
were not popular ?
did full sized american cars shrink to be smaller ?
did chrysler ended its full sized luxury model ?
shows the dot 's revision of categories ?
was opec production of oil being surpassed ?
did the price of oil drop to $ 10 per barrel ?
did saudi arabia try to increase production , and reduce profits for high cost producers ?
in 1979 , during the oil crisis , was the highest price of oil ?
put the first americans into space ?
was created to carry out these projects and missions ?
did the first manned apollo flight occur ?
is credited with the original notion of putting americans in space ?
were on the project that followed project mercury ?
did project apollo run ?
helped develop space travel techniques that project apollo used ?
did the u.s. collaborate with on an earth orbit mission in 1975 ?
supported three manned missions in 1973-1974 ?
did the apollo 1 cabin fire occur ?
was happening during the apollo 1 incident ?
forced the cancellations of three future landings ?
were successful ?
happened to apollo 13 ?
was the first spacecraft to orbit another celestial body ?
was the sixth moon landing ?
did the program bring back ?
did the apollo missions help spur advancements in ?
could the mercury capsule hold ?
could apollo be projected to hold ?
named the apollo missions ?
was the eventual final goal of the apollo projects ?
was the apollo project conceived ?
was the apollo program announced ?
led the in house design studies for nasa ?
contracts were awarded on october 25th ?
was the deputy administrator of nasa in 1960 ?
was elected president in november 1960 ?
against was kennedy promising superiority over ?
was president kennedy put off by regarding the space program ?
was nasa 's administrator ?
was the term kennedy used to show that america was falling behind the soviet union due to inactivity in space programs ?
was the first person in space ?
did the first person in space come from ?
did the us house committee on science and astronautics meet ?
did president kennedy do in response to the soviet flight in regards of america 's program ?
did kennedy message his vice president about the status of the program ?
was kennedy 's vice president ?
did it take johnson to respond to kennedy ?
was the general consensus johnson came to regarding america 's progress on going to space and reaching a position of leadership ?
originally led the space task group ?
was the space task group located ?
was the manned spacecraft center located ?
donated the land for the manned spacecraft center ?
were the original launching facilities for missions ?
would the launch operations center be located , as more land was needed for a bigger rocket ?
conducted the construction of the new center ?
launch pads were originally planned ?
was tested in two vacuum chambers to simulate atmospheric pressure ?
could the vacuum chambers simulate ?
was the vertical assembly building ?
did webb recruit for better project management ?
was mueller announced and appointed as deputy associate administrator ?
was mueller replaced as associate administrator ?
the administrators and directors gilruth , von braun and debus reported ?
did mueller have experience with prior to joining the space program ?
did mueller recruit managers from ?
did mueller recruit to be a manager for nasa projects on a loaned situation ?
did phillips manage the apollo missions ?
was phillips official title for nasa ?
did the engineers fear would be difficult in space due to it never being attempted in earth orbit ?
was direct ascent the primary mission focus at nasa ?
was the associate administrator that houbolt spoke with ?
led the committee established by seaman ?
was this committee by seaman established ?
came around first to support the lor ?
was hired to be the deputy director of the office of manned space flight ?
was kennedy 's science adviser that opposed manned spacecraft flights ?
did wiesner hire to monitor and second guess nasa 's decisions ?
did golovin work prior to joining the " space vehicle panel " ?
was the announcement for the lor made after being delayed ?
was keeping pressure and showing disagreements for the lor , even in front of the president ?
did wiesner shout out in front of the press during a presentation by von braun ?
does the acronym lem stand for ?
was announced as the lem contractor in november 1962 ?
was the advantage that the lor method produced in the event of a spacecraft failure ?
was this lor method used and needed ?
did the lunar module provide to help get the apollo 13 home safely ?
was the lunar module -LRB- lm -RRB- dropped because it was n't seen as useful ?
was the shape that faget designed for the apollo command module ?
does the acronym csm stand for ?
would the lm take to the lunar surface and return to the csm ?
was the cm designed to carry in the end ?
was the cm intended to land upon re entering the earth 's atmosphere ?
the outside of the cm was covered ?
was incorporated to help slow the cm 's decent back to earth ?
did the cm weigh in kgs ?
helped support the command module with a propulsion engine and propellants ?
was used for communication on the lunar flights ?
did the initial version of the sm weigh in pounds ?
was carried on extended lunar missions ?
was rewarded with building the csm ?
was estimated for the translunar flight ?
was a program study done on the modules labeled as block i and block ii ?
was the name of the launch vehicle for nasa , which north american aviation designed the second stage of ?
was the lm intended to take from orbit of the moon to the surface of the moon ?
the initial lm weighed in kgs ?
for about would the extended lm allow a surface stay on the moon ?
had worked on the saturn series even before the apollo program began officially ?
was von braun transferred to go to nasa ?
was the decision made to replace the nova rockets with the saturn v ?
did the initial first stages of the saturn i tests carry ?
did the launches of boilerplate csms occur in orbit ?
did the last few of the boilerplate csm launches carry with them ?
did pegasus satellites measure to propose the safety of the environment in space and on the moon ?
was the name of the upgraded saturn i called ?
did the second stage increase thrust by with the integration of the s-ivb-200 ?
could the saturn ib send into space with this amount of thrust ?
was intended to take a csm and lm , fully fueled , to the moon ?
was the diameter of the saturn v in feet ?
did the saturn v end up having ?
did the second stage in the saturn v end up doing ?
project groups were the apollo astronauts selected ?
apollo missions were manned by the previous mercury and gemini veterans ?
was the first nasa scientist in space ?
did schmitt finally land on the moon ?
visited space on missions and were rewarded for their efforts ?
did nasa give the astronauts who visited space and the moon ?
were the distinguished service medals awarded to grissom , white , and chaffee ?
happened during the apollo 7 test mission to elicit them a lesser version of the dsm ?
were the dsms awarded ?
were two block i csms launched ?
did the first block , as-201 , reach when launched ?
did the second block , as-202 , travel downrange in km ?
did these flights test on the cm ?
were on the test flight of the as-206 ?
were the astronauts wearing during the dual mission as-278 ?
was originally on the spacesuits prior to the clear " fishbowl " helmet ?
was included into the apollo spacesuit ?
did the lmp acronym stand for regarding the block ii launch positions ?
selected the first apollo crew ?
project did deke slayton work with before becoming director of flight crew operations ?
did slayton select the first apollo crew ?
was the original pilot for the first apollo mission ?
did eisele eventually get relocated to after having surgery and not making the first mission ?
happened to the as-205 mission originally ?
was the as-258 scheduled to launch ?
was the dual mission as-258 a combination of ?
were schirra , eisele and cunningham relocated to after different astronauts were selected for the as-258 mission ?
was appointed to head a team to find the problems north america had regarding manned space flight ?
was the nickname given to the team samuel phillips was appointed to ?
was the first manned flight with the lunar module scheduled ?
appointed samuel phillips to man the tiger team to find answers ?
did apollo 1 's crew conduct tests at kennedy space center ?
was the main crew of apollo 1 , of which they named themselves ?
was a plugs-out test done to simulate on the lc-34 ?
did apollo 1 test at besides kennedy space center ?
was the first problem astronauts encountered during the plugs-out test ?
did the very first plugs-out test occur ?
helped fuel the fire throughout the cabin ?
kept tabs on the accident review board that nasa created ?
was found to be at fault for the fire in the cabin on apollo 1 regarding the cm design ?
ended up replacing joseph francis shea as aspo manager ?
did nasa create its accident review board ?
was created to replace the pure oxygen atmosphere inside the cabin ?
were removed to help prevent more fire hazards in the future ?
eventually happened to the block i program after the incident ?
were approved by mueller after the incident ?
had to happen to each mission before they would continue on to the next mission ?
since nasa did n't know attempts each test would end up requiring , what did they use instead of numbers for the trials ?
was the technical name of the first unmanned saturn v flight , apollo 4 ?
was one thing that was specifically tested on the apollo 4 test launch regarding the cm ?
was apollo 6 , or as-502 , tested ?
was cancelled by nasa after the apollo 6 testing , after deeming the saturn v ready to hold men ?
was the first testing of the lm , unmanned , in earth 's orbit ?
was apollo 5 launched from ?
initially wanted more unmanned testing done regarding the lm ?
was the nickname for the test where , during abort mode , the ascent engine was started and fired ?
was originally going to be used for apollo 8 ?
did the soviets use to send animals to space and around the moon 's orbit ?
were images of the moon 's surface transmitted to earth via television images ?
did low suggest using apollo 8 for instead of simply orbiting the earth 's surface ?
did the soviets intend to use in spacecraft after the success of zond 5 ?
project did the apollo 11 crew consist entirely of ?
did the apollo 11 mission occur ?
did the astronauts on the moon send back to earth live via signals ?
were the astronauts aboard the apollo 11 mission ?
did the apollo 11 crew return to earth ?
was near the apollo 12 crew 's landing site ?
did the crew of apollo 12 do with parts of the surveyor they landed near after photographing them ?
damaged the color tv camera that apollo 12 had taken into space ?
would the latter apollo missions carry to the moon to increase exploration ?
was redesigned to allow better maneuverability in the lrv ?
did nasa have planned ?
would the astronauts be project to be able to stay on the moon for in the latter missions ?
would have to be increased regarding the lm and csm for the last five missions ?
happened to the apollo 13 crew to force them to use the lm as a " life boat " as it had been designed ?
along with one veteran , other two types of crew could be included in lieu of veterans after the successful landings of apollo 11 and 12 ?
happened to the apollo program in for the rest of 1970 after the incident regarding apollo 13 ?
was redesigned during the apollo program being grounded during 1970 ?
was apollo 13 launched ?
was first cancelled due to not being needed to build the skylab in space , as it was pre-built on the ground ?
happened to nasa 's budget after the first successful moon landing ?
after apollo missions 18 and 19 were cancelled , happened to the saturn vs that were never used ?
was the decision made to cancel apollo missions 18 and 19 ?
did the rocks on the moon compare to those on earth ?
were some of the oldest rock samples found on the moon ?
was found in certain rocks from the moon ?
was the name of the rock found during the apollo 15 mission that kreep was discovered in ?
as the moon has no atmosphere , is prevalant in many moon rock samples brought back from apollo missions ?
do a great majority of rocks sampled from the moon show ?
is impact melt that some samples of moon rocks show ?
was nasa 's procured spending on the apollo project estimated to be at in 2005 after inflation ?
were produced by nasa during the apollo project ?
was the apollo project estimated to have cost from 1959 to 1973 , the length of the program ?
did nasa name the series seeking up to 30 more flights to earth 's orbit ?
did the acronym aap stand for ?
was named for a fly-by mission by an empty s-ivb ?
was the skylab launched ?
was skylab 's last crew on the station before it re-entered earth 's atmosphere ?
the skylab had what type of equipment onboard was supposed to be used in a different mission ?
photographed evidence of each site on the moon that a manned apollo mission landing occurred ?
the flags on the moon left by the u.s. manned apollo missions are all still standing save mission 's flag ?
sent the first ever live images of the earth and moon to earth ?
did the crew of apollo 8 read from during this stream of images ?
ended up seeing the images of the earth and the moon ?
after an eventful and tiring year for the world during 1968 , type of ending to the year did the images from space provide ?
was used to record the moon landing ?
happened to prompt nasa to record over archived magnetic tapes ?
did nasa record over the older archived tapes ?
worked later on to find these missing magnetic tapes that had data stored on them ?
compiled the original surviving apollo 11 landing data ?
were used to help restore the original tapes ?
was tasked with trying to restore the original tapes ?
are the three sources of european union law ?
is european union law ?
are the main sources of primary law ?
are the secondary sources of primary law ?
are the two bodies that make up the european union 's legislature ?
is european union law ?
does european union law have on laws of member states ?
are the three sources of european union law ?
are the main legislative bodies of the european union ?
are the three main sources of european union law ?
are the main sources of primary law ?
is the legislature of the european union comprised of ?
are there ?
applies european union law ?
can enforce the european union law when member states provide lesser rights ?
can the european commission take action against member states ?
is the highest court in the european union ?
is one of the supplementary sources of european union law ?
apply european union law ?
can the european commission take action against member states ?
is the highest court in the european union ?
is one supplementary source of european union law ?
is european law applied by ?
can enforce european union law ?
is the highest court in european union law ?
are some supplementary sources of european union law ?
are the two primary constitutional sources of the european union ?
has the power to initiate legislation within the european union ?
elects the members of the european parliament ?
is able to interpret european union law ?
appoints commissioners and the board of european central bank ?
provides that the european union law be applied to metropolitan territories of member states ?
are there any regions the treaty of european union excludes from jurisdiction ?
does the court of justice of the european union have in regards to treaties ?
can individuals rely on primary law in the court of justice of european union ?
do treaties apply ?
are the core treaties that the primary law of the eu consists of ?
are some examples of territories where a member state is responsible for external relations ?
do the stated treaties apply ?
is suited to interpret the treaties ?
did the principle treaties that form the european union begin ?
provided more formal institutions of the european union ?
did spain and portugal join the european union ?
signed a treaty to give it special status ?
caused the need for principal treaties that ended up forming the eu ?
was the maastrich treaty signed ?
was the single european act made ?
did denmark join the eu ?
did greenland sign a treaty granting them special status ?
was there an attempt to reform the law of the eu ?
two country 's referendums curtailed a constitution for europe ?
was the lisbon treaty to the constitutional treaty ?
was the lisbon treaty ?
is the lisbon treaty one would alter existing treaties or replace them ?
was attempted following the nice treaty ?
was an additional projected effect of the attempted reform ?
caused the reform to never come into force ?
took the place of constitutional treaty ?
is the main executive body of the eu ?
is the sole governing authority capable of initiating legislative proposals ?
is designated to schedule and set the work of the eu ?
for each of the 28 member states , 's are represented for each one ?
is the current president and the high representative for foreign and security policy ?
should be completely independent and not take instructions from any government ?
sets the agenda for the eu 's work ?
are decisions made on behave of the eu made ?
refused to content to changes in the treaty of lisbon 2007 ?
are the un-elected subordinates of member state governments ?
was censured in 1999 , and paved the way for commissioners to abuse their power ?
found that there was a developed culture of commissioner 's who lacked responsibility ?
appoints the board of the european central bank ?
was the santer commission censured by parliament ?
the censuring of the santer commission resulted in ?
found that a culture had developed where few commissioners had any sense of responsibility ?
did the european anti-fraud office investigate john dalli ?
governing bodies have legislative veto power ?
ca n't parliament do that causes equality and democracy to be deficient ?
do parliament elections take place ?
must there be to effectively censure the commission ?
must the parliament go through first to pass legislation ?
has a monopoly on initiating legislation ?
have powers of amendment and veto during the legislative process ?
did the first direct elections take place ?
do parliament elections take place ?
is currently the largest among political party lines ?
the legislative body , the council , are made up ?
is currently the president of the council ?
are the votes weighted to ensure that smaller states are n't dominated by larger ones ?
are the total number of votes to be counted during the voting process ?
currently , are needed for a majority ?
is the secondary legislative body ?
does the european council meet ?
does the council have ?
is defined as the majority vote ?
must the parliament have to either block or suggest changes to the commission 's proposals ?
must the council pass in order to approve of any changes recommended by parliament ?
state that unless conferred , powers remain with member states ?
believes they have the final word deciding on eu 's competence ?
defines the ordinary legislative procedure that applies for majority of eu acts ?
can block a legislation ?
state that powers stay with member states unless they 've been conferred ?
is created if the three different institutions can not come to a consensus at any stage ?
has had the most influence on the development of eu law ?
is the main judicial body of the eu ?
are there in the eu ?
is most eu law applied ?
is the cjeu 's duty ?
is the judicial branch of the eu an important factor in the development of eu law ?
is the current main judicial body of the eu ?
deals with eu staff issues ?
is one term for an elected president of the cjeu ?
is the cjeu 's duty ?
if there is a conflict between eu law and national law , take precedence ?
was the reason the italian constitutional court gave that resulted in mr. costa losing his his claim against enel ?
were the years two regulations that conflicted with an italian law originate in the simmenthal spa case ?
have had to develop principles dedicated to conflict resolution between laws of different systems ?
did costa v enel take place ?
argued that the treaty of rome did not prevent energy nationalism ?
do all member states agree takes precedence over national law ?
issues do member states say the court of justice does not have the final say on ?
was the european communities act created ?
does the eu 's legitimacy rest on ?
cases can the eu not override german law ?
makes eu institutions and its member states follow the law ?
were citizens or corporations said to not be able to bring claims against other non state parties ?
can be subject to judicial review ?
concerns the eu 's governance structure ?
was it held that the provisions of the treaties are directly effective if they are clear , unconditional , and do n't require further action by eu or national authorities ?
states that no quantitative restrictions can be placed on trade ?
is van gend en loos ?
are eu regulations essentially the same as in the case mentioned ?
paid holiday days does the working time directive require workers to have each year ?
paid holiday days do most member states require ?
did the three advocate generals argue that directives should create rights and duties for all citizens ?
happens first if a directive 's deadline for implementation is not met ?
happens secondly if a directive 's deadline is not met ?
did ms kucukdeveci work for swedex gmbh & co kg before she was dismissed ?
did mrs foster work for ?
did british gas plc force their workers to retire ?
have a duty to interpret domestic law as far as possible ?
does the first company law directive article 11 require ?
did the italian government fail to do in francovich v italy ?
was francovich allowed to claim from the italian goverment in damages ?
developed the principles of european union law ?
are some of the accepted general principles of european union law ?
has proportionality been recognized as one of the general principles of eu law ?
is the principle of proportionality recognized in the ec treaty ?
must be adopted when there is a choice between several ?
has the concept of legal certainty been recognized as one of the general principles by the eu law ?
laws mentioned predate eu law ?
must the adoption of laws which will have legal effect in the eu have ?
does the doctrine of legitimate expectations have roots ?
is the european court of justice likely to get inspiration from ?
the european court of justice can not uphold measures are incompatible with what ?
original treaties establishing the eu protected fundamental rights ?
were originally concerned with preventing violation of human rights ?
was the european convention on human rights established ?
was established at the same time as the european convention on human rights ?
did the european council task an entity with drafting a european charter of human rights ?
was the lisbon treaty established ?
has become an important aspect of eu law ?
enforces the charter of fundamental rights of the european union ?
the social chapter is a chapter ?
was the treaty of amsterdam created ?
was the basis for the social chapter developed ?
does the social charter declare ?
has the social charter become the basis for ?
adopted the social charter in 1989 ?
declined to sign the social charter ?
was the social charter set to be included into the maastricht treaty under ?
was the maastricht treaty signed ?
to subscribe to the agreement on social policy ?
did the uk formally subscribe to the agreement on social policy ?
mentioned was created in 1994 ?
was the parental leave directive created ?
did the works council directive require ?
were the european coal and steel community agreement between ?
was the ecsc agreement established ?
did article 65 of the ecsc ban ?
made provisions for concentrations or mergers and the abuse of a dominant position by companies ?
were competition rules included in the treaty of rome ?
article does the treaty of lisbon prohibit anti-competitive agreements ?
does article 102 of the treaty of lisbon prohibit ?
state that the member states ' rights to deliver public services may not be obstructed ?
allows the european council to govern mergers between firms ?
was the concept of a social market economy introduced into eu law ?
has free movement and trade been central to european development ?
do the treaties generally limit ?
has taken the view that the goals of free trade are underpinned by the aims to improve people 's well being ?
helps the process of free movement of goods ?
did did article 34 discriminate against in procureur du roi v dassonville ?
article 34 meant states could be responsible ?
were french vigilantes sabotaging shipments of spanish strawberries ?
is the minimum percent of alcohol content a german law requires all spirits and liqueurs to have ?
did rewe-zentrale ag wish to import from ?
was the case commission v italy that dealt with cocoa products ?
in the 2009 commission v italy , case , the court of justice held that an italian low prohibiting infringed article 34 ?
claimed that under a french competition law , they were prevented from selling picon beer under wholesale price ?
did the court of justice review swedish bans on advertising to young children under 12 ?
did the eu harmonize restrictions on restrictions on marketing and advertising ?
have the treaties sought to enable since its foundation ?
focused upon the free movement of workers ?
was free movement increasingly based on ?
did a german man claim the right to live in netherlands where he was a volunteer plumber ?
did the court of justice say steymann was entitled to ?
set out the primary provisions on equal treatment of workers ?
claimed that he should be allowed to transfer from one football club to another when his contract was fulfilled ?
did the court of justice accept to be required to teach in a dublin college in groner v minister for education ?
was a dutch national not entitled to continue receiving benefits when he moved to belgium ?
in the case geven v land nordrhein-westfalen , was the dutch woman in question working in germany ?
has lately been being viewed as a fundamental status of member state nationals by the court of justice ?
has having an eu citizenship increased ?
did the court state that austria was not allowed to hold places in austrian schools exclusively for austrian students ?
has the court required to be more accessible ?
protects the freedom of establishment and the freedom to provide services ?
in gebhard v consiglio ... milano , the requirements to be registered in milan before being able to practice law would be allowed conditions ?
did the court of justice state that refusal to admit a lawyer to the belgian bar because he did not have belgian heritage was n't able to be justified ?
states that states are exempt from infringing on rights of establishment when they exercise official authority ?
did the court of justice hold that requiring italian lawyers to comply with maximum tariffs unless there was an agreement with a client was not a restriction ?
did a toxic waste spill from a european ship prompt the commission to look into legislation against waste ?
did the court of justice rule that the commission could only propose that there must be some criminal sanctions ?
was the competence for the union to create criminal sentences for ecological crimes contested ?
the freedom to provide services under tfeu article 56 applies ?
was the dutch lawyer who moved to belgium while advising a client in a social society case told he could n't continue ?
did the court of justice reason were controlled in all member states in josemans v burgemeester van maastricht ?
did the dutch health authorities regard as unnecessary in geraets-smits v stichting ziekenfonds ?
could not evade tax by shifting its residence to the netherlands ?
did uk law require to start a company ?
did danish law require to start a company ?
could justify restrictions on freedom of establishment ?
did the court of justice hold that a german court could n't deny a dutch building company the right to enforce a contract based in germany ?
is also used to describe the amazon rainforest in english ?
is covered in the basin ?
control this region in total ?
nations contain " amazonas " in their names ?
does the amazon represents in rainforests on the planet ?
is the dutch word for the amazon rainforest ?
covers the majority of the amazon basin in south america ?
can most of the amazon rainforest be found ?
can be found in the amazon rainforest ?
is the amazon rainforest ?
is the amazon basin ?
are within the amazon basin ?
contains the majority of the amazon forest ?
is the estimate for the amount of tree species in the amazon tropical rain forest ?
may have allowed the rainforest to spread across the continent ?
has allowed for the savanna region to expand into the tropics ?
did the rainforest spanned a narrow band ?
did it retract to a inland formation ?
may have caused rainforests to grow across south america ?
south did the amazon rainforest reach from 66-34 mya ?
has caused savanna regions to grow into the south american tropics in the last 34 million years ?
was the amazon rainforest a narrow band of forest ?
did the amazon rainforest do during the middle miocene ?
might have created some conditions allowing the expansion of the amazon rainforest ?
beginning did the amazon rainforest extend 45 degrees south ?
after the oligocene period , period did the amazon rainforest begin to expand ?
the amazon rainforest became a mostly inland forest around ?
savannah areas expanded over the last ?
did the drainage basin of the amazon split ?
did the water on the eastern side flow ?
is the name of the basin that was created from a enclosed lake ?
was it when the water broke through the purus arch ?
did it join in the direction of its flow ?
was the drainage basin of the amazon believed to have split in the middle of south america ?
did water to the east of the amazon drainage basin flow towards ?
did water to the west of the amazon drainage basin flow towards ?
did water that flowed towards the pacific have to flow across during the mid-eocene ?
was formed when the andes mountains rose ?
during ?
near in the continent is it believed that the amazon basin split ?
did water on the eastern side of the amazon basin travel after the split ?
did the water in the amazon basin flow towards when moving west ?
is the lake known as which was created by the rise of the andes mountains ?
does lgm stands for ?
did the analysis from the sediment deposits indicate ?
are some of scientists arguments ?
has this debate been proven ?
are the explanations supported ?
there have been major changes in amazon rainforest vegetation over the last ?
caused changes in the amazon rainforest vegetation ?
has been analyzed to compare amazon rainfall in the past and present ?
has the lower rainfall in the amazon during the lgm been attributed to ?
many changes in the vegetation of the amazon rainforest took place since the last glacial maximum , was how many years ago ?
reduced what kind of vegetation cover in the amazon basin ?
scientists disagree with the amazon rainforest changed over time with some arguing that it was reduced to isolated refugia seperated by what ?
is it difficult to resolve disagreements about the changes in the amazon rainforest ?
is the name of the satellite that measured the amount of dust ?
are blown from the sahara each year ?
does the dust travels over the atlantic ocean ?
does the dust falls over into ?
remains in the air ?
has measured the amount of dust that travels from the sahara to the amazon ?
is blown out of the sahara each year ?
saharan dust falls over the amazon basin each year ?
saharan dust remains in the air over the amazon each year ?
is blown and falls upon the caribbean sea each year ?
a satellite measured the amount of dust going to the amazon was named what ?
runs the satellite that measured dust that landed on the amazon ?
windblown dust leaves the sahara each year ?
does saharan dust travel ?
falls on the amazon basin each year ?
is the name of the book written by archeologist betty meggers ?
is the maximum square miles did betty meggers claim that can be sustained in the rainforest ?
would be needed to host a larger population ?
suggested that the region was densely populated ?
may have lived in the amazon region during ad 1500 ?
made people believe it could n't have many inhabitants ?
believed the amazon did n't have many inhabitants ?
did betty meggers believe could occupy each square kilometre of the amazon ?
did betty meggers describe the idea of the amazon being sparsely populated ?
proposed the idea that the amazon rainforest could n't sustain large populations ?
discussed the theory about low populations in the amazon rainforest ?
was the theorized maximum population density per square kilometre for the amazon rainforest ?
in 1500 ad were believed to have lived in the amazon region ?
in the 1980s was the population of the amazon region ?
was the first european to travel the amazon river ?
did civilization in the amazon was flourishing when orellana made his observations ?
was believed to be the cause of devastation to the civilization ?
's been that geoglyphs were first discovered on deforested land ?
did the geoglyphs date back to ?
was the first european to travel the entire length of the amazon river ?
did the first european travel the entire length of the amazon river ?
geoglyphs dating to period were found in deforested land along the amazon river ?
is given credit for discovering geoglyphs along the amazon river ?
was evidence shown that humans shaped the the amazon ?
is terra preta called ?
is terra preta distributed over the amazon forest ?
did the development of this fertile soil provide in hostile environment ?
were large settlements discovered ?
is considered a product of soil management by indigenous peoples in the amazon forest ?
the development of terra preta allowed for to happen in the amazon forest ?
in lands attributed to are found remains of large settlements ?
is credited with finding evidence of large settlements in the amazon forest ?
evidence for types of structures were found in 2003 ?
are known in the region ?
make up the world 's total live in the rainforest ?
make up the total in the rainforest ?
is the total make up of fish species living in the amazon ?
are known in brazil alone ?
the amazon region is home ?
are there in the amazon region ?
are estimated to be in the amazon region ?
reptiles have been discovered in the amazon region ?
are found in the amazon rainforest ?
is supported ?
are in the rainforest ?
tons of living plants are in the rainforest ?
is the average plant biosmass ?
is the number of plant species in economics and social interest ?
does the amazon region rate among the entire earth for its amount of biodiversity ?
were found in one square kilometer of ecuadorian rainforest in 2001 ?
were found to live in one square kilometer of the amazon rainforest in 1999 ?
is the average weight of the biomass per hectare in the amazon ?
are of interest to society and manufacturers exist in the amazon rainforest ?
may produce a deadly shock ?
large predators of the amazon rainforest include the jaguar , cougar , and anaconda , is one other example ?
is known to bit humans ?
are dart frogs are known to secrete ?
can spread rabies ?
is the process of removing trees from a forest known as ?
was used to clear forest for crop cultivation in the amazon forest ?
are two factors that made it difficult for colonists to the amazon forest to survive ?
is notable about the amazon forest when it is seen from space ?
was lost by 1991 ?
in the year 2000 square kilometres of the amazon forest had been lost ?
is most of the cleared land in the amazon region used for ?
is brazil ranked globally in soybean production ?
is used for growing livestock ?
did creating highways in the amazon rainforest lead to ?
the rate of clearing of forest from 2000 to 2005 was ?
happened to the rate of deforestation in the amazon region of brazil between 2004 and 2014 ?
was the rate of deforestation in 2000 , to 2005 compared to 1995 to 2000 ?
are environmentalists concerned about losing in the amazon forest ?
are environmentalists concerned about having released from the amazon region ?
is stored in the amazon forest ?
are believed to be stored in the amazon forest ?
may make the amazon rainforest unsustainable ?
a complete loss of rainforest cover may be caused ?
if one computer model turns out correct , by would there be a nearly complete loss of rainforest in the amazon basin ?
may the amazon rainforest be threatened , according to some computer models ?
are the main threats facing the amazon rainforest in the current century ?
are being destroyed by ecocide in the amazon ?
is gaining attention in the amazon ?
indigenous territories are largely being destroyed ?
the peruvian amazon indigienous people are one group struggling in the amazon , is another group ?
there is growing interest indigenous group in the amazon ?
is being used to protect tribal lands in the amazon ?
uses gps devices to map lands ?
tribal members living in the rainforests of region are using google earth ?
do tribes use google earth and gps for ?
do some tribes use remote sensing technology ?
organized the trees of the amazon into four categories ?
did one individual suggest classifying the trees of the amazon into four categories ?
was used to classify trees into four categories ?
did the amazon experience its worst drought of recent history ?
argued that drought , among other effects , could cause the amazon forest to reach a " tipping point ? "
along with drought , is one other factor that is pushing the amazon rainforest towards a tipping point ?
might the amazon forest become if it passes the tipping point and starts to die ?
predicted that the amazon forest could survive only three years of drought ?
did the amazon experience a drought that may have been more extreme than in 2005 ?
was the region impacted by the 2010 drought ?
areas were impacted by the the death of vegetation in the 2010 drought ?
the southern part of the amazon forest was mainly impacted by drought ?
are absorbed the amazon in a typical year ?
are ctenophora commonly known as ?
do ctenophora live ?
are adult ctenophora ?
is a ctenophora ?
does the ctenophora use to swim ?
does ctenophora use for digestion and respiration ?
is the most distinctive feature of ctenophora ?
are ctenophora commonly known as ?
does ctenophora rely on for digestion and respiration ?
does ctenophora mean in greek ?
do ctenophora live ?
can ctenophores eat in one day ?
have been validated ?
have not been fully described or named ?
have been validated ?
are the little tentacles that cydippids have called ?
does a ctenophora eat in a day ?
do coastal beroids not have that other ctenophora have ?
does coastal beriods use as teeth ?
do ctenophore eat in a day ?
are the small tentacles on cydippids called ?
do beriods use as teeth ?
do cydippids use to capture their prey ?
are there ?
are most species of ctenophores ?
do young ctenophores generaly look like ?
is unique about a hermaphrodite ?
can a simultaneous hermaphrodite do ?
produces egg and sperm at different times ?
eggs are fertilized and kept inside the parents body until hatched ?
causes the population of ctenophora to grow at an explosive rate ?
is a hermaphrodite ?
is unique about simultaneous hermaphrodites ?
is a trait of sequential hermaphrodites ?
keep the eggs are fertilized and kept inside the parent 's body until they hatch ?
has young that are born with no tentacles and a large mouth ?
were ctenophores accidently introduced ?
was introduced into the black sea ?
promoted the growrth of mnemiposis in the black sea ?
does the beroe eat ?
was introduces into the black sea ?
does mnemiopsis eat ?
do ctenophores be found in large numbers ?
can ctenophores be found in large amounts ?
are phytoplankton ?
was accidentally introduced into the black sea ?
was blamed on the introduction of mnemiopsis into the black sea ?
did the cretaceous-paleogene extinction happen ?
are the fossils found that represent ctenophhores ?
were the fossils that were found to represent ctenphores missing that current ctenphora have ?
happened 66 million years ago ?
do current ctenophores have that fossils found did not have ?
makes ctenophores different from all other animals ?
ctenophora are less complex than ?
is more complex than sponges ?
does ctenophore use to capture prey ?
do ctenophores have that no other animals have ?
do ctenophore use to capture their prey ?
have cells bound by inter-cell connections and membranes , muscles , a nervous system and sensory organs ?
is the jelly-like susbtance called ?
has two layers of cells with a middle layer of mesoglea ?
are the hairs on ctenophores called ?
are cilia used for ?
does ctenophore mean in greek ?
is used as a description on ctenophores in most textbooks ?
are are hardest to study ?
are coastal species tough ?
the inside of a ctenophore is lined ?
do photocytes produce ?
is the throat called ?
does the internal cavity contain ?
are the most active parts of ctenophora ?
are the eight comb rows on the outer surface called ?
does the 9 +3 pattern of cilia thought to do ?
do ctenophore swim ?
cilia can g ow up too length ?
do ctenophores control buoyancy ?
ciliary rosettes pump water into to control buoyancy ?
does pumping water into the mesoglea do ?
does the ciliary rosettes do to decease bulk and increase density ?
is the largest sensory feature of the ctenophora ?
is the aboral organ located ?
protects the statocyst ?
is the main component of the aboral organ ?
is a statocyst ?
is the common coastal pleurobrachia called ?
does the pleurobrachia have on opposite sides of its body ?
cydippid are typically shape ?
the long tentacles on the pleurbrachia are protected ?
is the mouth located on the pleuobrachia located ?
are the tentacles of cydipped ctenophores are usually fringed with ?
are colloblasts ?
makes the tentilla of euplokamis different from other cysippids ?
do euplokamis tentilla have ?
does the euplokamis use the three types of movement for ?
are there ?
are the rows of combs located ?
are the combs spaced ?
to the comb rows ?
does the lobata have pair of ?
are auricles ?
do most species have ?
do the auricles do ?
do lobates feed on ?
does the bathocyroe and ocyropsis do to escape danger ?
happens when bathocyroe and ocyropsis clap their lobes together ?
the movements of the lobates combs are controlled ?
cydippids combs are controlled ?
beroida are known ?
has no feeding appendages ?
does the beroe do when pursuing prey ?
does the beroida have instead of feeding appendages ?
are ribbon-shaped planktonic animals ?
is the largest ctenophore ?
are cestida called ?
do cestids swim ?
moves by a darting motion ?
do most platyctenida have on their aboral surface ?
do platyctenida use their pharynx for ?
do all but one platycenida species lack ?
do platycenida live ?
are eggs and sperm released ?
do platyctenids reproduce ?
has self-fertilization been seen ?
are the gonads located ?
do juvenile platyctenids live ?
do juvenile develop into adults ?
genus lack tentacles and sheaths ?
do bathyctena chuni , euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera have in common ?
do bathyctena chuni , euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera excrete secretions ?
are the secretions commonly called ?
haeckelia prey mostly on ?
happens to the jellyfish nematocysts when they are eaten by the haeckelia ?
does the bolinopsis generally eat ?
is the name of the two-tentacled cydippid that feedsentirely on salps called ?
was it thought that ctenophores were a poor diet for other animals ?
is the oncorhynchus also called ?
do beroids typically eat ?
have herbivorous fishes been seen feeding on gelatinous zooplankton ?
is blamed for causing the sharp drop in fish catches in the black sea and the sea of azov ?
was the ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi introduced into the black sea and the sea of azov ?
was the population of mnemiopsis in the black sea and the sea of azov brought under control ?
was ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi introduced into the black sea and the sea of azov ?
does cooling of the local environment affect the mnemiopsis ?
are ctenophores extremely rare as fossils ?
was the period called that was 505 million years ago ?
were found in the burgess shale ?
did the fossils found in the burgess shale lack ?
were the fossils found in china ?
were found in china ?
is considered the " aunt " of ctenophores ?
vendobionta lived during ?
do some researchers believe is the earliest-diverging animal phylum is ?
does not have cydipped-like larvae ?
was the cretaceous-paleogen extinction occur ?
did a morphologically analysis in 1985 that concluded cydippids are not monophyletic ?
is the fifth-largest city in california ?
is fresno from los angeles ?
does the name fresno mean in spanish ?
is featured on the city of fresno 's city flag ?
do you pronounce fresno ?
the central pacific railroad established a station for its new line ?
were the reasons why residents moved to the town of fresno station ?
did fresno become an incorporated city ?
streetcars did the fresno traction company operate in 1931 ?
sparked the growth of fresno station ?
in 1940 , was asian ?
had primarily japanese residents in 1940 ?
in 1942 , was north fresno previously called ?
was the pinedale assembly center ?
was the fresno fairgrounds used as ?
did bank of america introduce in 1958 ?
was the name of the first successful credit card ?
did the bankamericard allow customers do to that they could n't do with previous financial instruments ?
did bankamericard change its name ?
did bankamericard turn into ?
did bill aiken grow up ?
did bill aiken make is television debut ?
was bill aiken 's adopted mother ?
does fresno have ?
is home to the fresno chafffee zoo ?
is home to the kearney mansion ?
is one of the park features located in north fresno ?
hosts the largest civil war reenactment on the west coast ?
did downtown fresno thrive ?
were two of fresno 's most beautiful architectural buildings that are now demolished ?
is currently known as grand 1401 ?
burned down ?
did fresno get its first pedestrian mall ?
was the pedestrian mall renamed ?
has a piece of his artwork located at the fulton mall ?
after reopening , will the art pieces be located after restoration ?
will enrich the the pedestrian friendly environment after restoration ?
is the neighborhood of sunnyside located in fresno ?
are the two major thoroughfares of sunnyside ?
was most of sunnside developed ?
is the home of the sunnyside country club ?
designed the golf course located at the sunnyside country club ?
the tower district is centered ?
was the tower theatre built ?
does the tower theatre get its name ?
was the original name of california state university at fresno ?
is fresno city college from the tower district ?
did the tower theatre re-open ?
did the tower theatre show ?
did roger rocka 's dinner theater & good company players open ?
is audra mcdonald from ?
leading roles did audra mcdonald perform when she was in high school ?
do the neighborhoods feature ?
far apart are some of the neighborhood 's features ?
has become attractive for restaurants ?
is the center for the lgbt community ?
is known as the center for the heavy metal community ?
is fresno known for ?
are designed by fresno architects ?
has the homes in fresno been restored ?
can you find many majestic homes in the area ?
mapped the alta vista tract ?
did developers billings & meyering acquire the alta vista tract ?
did the alta vista tract have five years after billings & meyering acquired it ?
provided streetcar connections between downtown and the hospital ?
is another name for the west side of fresno ?
does the west side of fresno neighborhood lie to the 99 freeway ?
the west side of fresno is the center ?
are the two principal asian-american groups living in the west side neighborhood of fresno ?
lies west of the 41 freeway ?
is kearney boulevard named after ?
is kearney boulevard lined with ?
between two streets along kearney boulevard were wealthy african-americans at one time residing ?
was the name given to a section of kearney boulevard in efforts to change the areas image ?
is still known for its high levels of crime ?
were the public housing developments built in the neighborhood ?
is the shopping center located ?
are the two processing facilities in the neighborhood ?
is the airport located ?
does the neighborhood have ?
founded woodward park ?
is woodward park ?
does the amphitheatre at woodward park have ?
miles , once completed , will the the lewis s. eaton trail cover ?
is woodward park open ?
was the sierra sky park airport formed ?
created the nation 's first aviation community ?
is the name of the first aviation community built ?
would one describe the summers in fresno ?
is the warmest in fresno ?
does fresno get on average ?
does most of the wind in fresno originate from ?
does fresno experience increased wind coming from the southeastern direction ?
is the hottest temperature record for fresno ?
was the record low temperature in fresno ?
did fresno experience the most rainfall ?
is the most snow fresno has ever had ?
is the most rainfall recorded in a 24 hour period in fresno ?
was fresno 's population in 2010 ?
was the percentage of whit people in fresno in 2010 ?
resided in fresno in 2010 ?
was the percentage of non-hispanic whites in 2010 ?
lived in fresno in 2010 ?
has kids under the age of 18 living in them ?
was the percentage of a female householder with no husband present ?
were there ?
was the average family size ?
was the average household size ?
lived in fresno in 2000 , according to the census bureau ?
were there in 2000 ?
was the percentage of black or african-americans living in the city ?
was hmong ?
was the population density in 2000 ?
does fresno only have uhf television stations ?
was the very first television station to broadcast in fresno ?
did the kmj-tv first broadcast ?
is kmj now referred to ?
is the name of the cbs affiliate in fresno ?
connects fresno with the california central valley ?
is another name for state route 168 ?
is another name for the yosemite freeway ?
is the largest city not connected to an interstate highway ?
was the interstate highway system created ?
route has been in discussion to upgrade to interstate standards ?
are the factors that are contributing to the desire to have sr 99 improved to be of interstate standards ?
provides train service in fresno ?
is the santa fe railroad depot located ?
have railyards in the city of fresno ?
if you were to take a train west or south out of the city of fresno , would you take ?
is planned to be a part of the california high speed rail ?
did paul baran develop
did distributed adaptive message block switching do
did this concept contradict
is donald davies credited with
did paul baran develop in the late 1950 's
was the goal of the system
is credited with the modern name for this system
is circuit switching characterized by
is packet switching charecterized
does packet switching contrast with
is circuit switching allocated
is circuit switching charecterized
is packet switching characterized
is packet mode communication implemented
are packets normally forwarded
in cases of shared physical medium are they delivered
is packet mode communication implemented
are packets normally forwarded
is it delivered
did baran develop during research at rand
was developed for the air force
3 things does the air force work key on
are air force messages delivered
was report p-2626
delivery message was used
concept was developed by baran while researching at rand
did the network concentrate on
did donald davies develop
did davies call his system
did davies want to build
use was suggested for the system
developed the same technology as baran
did davies call the system
was suggested at the symposium in 1967
does each packet includ in connectionless mode
are the packets routed
is included with each packet label
happens to the packet at the destination
is the node requiered to look up
is a connection identifier
does connection orientation require
do x . 25 and frame relay both require
were x . 25 and frame relay used for
is a typical configuration
did arpnet and sita become operational
was apple talk
were features of apple talk
did the apple system assign automatically
was designed by the french
was a first for this network
is decnet
did decnet originally do
dec originally had 3 layers but evolved into
did decnet phase 2 become
was warner sinback
did warner sinback decide
was the merit network formed in michigan
was telenet
founded telnet
was tymnet
did tymnet connect
did user of tymnet connect
were there originally
developed datapac
did foreign clones of datapac allow for
was austpac
did austpac support
was datanet 1
strictly speaking was included in datanet 1
did datnet 1 refer to
is csnet
was the purpose of csnet
is internet2
did internet2 partner with
was the first internet2 network named
did internet2 partner with
is nsfnet
did nsfnet promote
did nsfnet eventually provide
does vbns stand for
did vbns do
operated the vbsn network
by 199 universities were connected
did the network install in 1999
did the black death originate ?
did the black death make it to the mediterranean and europe ?
did the black death kill ?
did the world 's population finally recover from the black death ?
did the plague stick around ?
does it mean for a disease to be enzootic ?
are the gravestones that reference the plague ?
do scientists think all of the plagues originated from ?
did the chinese famine begin ?
did this epidemic in china kill ?
introduced plague to europe ?
did the army siege belong to ?
did the mongol army throw in their catapults ?
did the genoese traders bring the plague ?
contributed to the severity of the plague ?
did the disease first move in ?
was the last to receive the disease ?
were able to avoid the plague ?
was the disease spreading between 1348 and 1350 ?
did a plague-ridden ship land in norway ?
did the plague have on the middle east ?
had the plague reached alexandria ?
did the plague infiltrate alexandria ?
did the residents of antioch flee to ?
claimed that the name black death first appeared in 1631 ?
is the latin name for black death ?
allegedly coined the name black death ?
did the name black death officially take root in england ?
was the black death originally blamed on ?
was the medical report written for ?
is the newer , more widely accepted theory behind the spread of the plague ?
is the bad air theory officially known as ?
was considered responsible for the black death as well as the epidemic in southern china ?
did the investigation of the plague pathogen begin ?
was yersinia pestis named for ?
did paul-louis simond establish in 1898 ?
was the bubonic plague mechanism reliant on ?
wrote about the great pestilence in 1893 ?
did gasquet think the plague was ?
did the second edition of gasquet 's book come out ?
did gasquet 's book blame the plague on ?
is another plague thought to have spread the same way ?
is the mortality rate of the modern bubonic plague ?
do plague fevers run ?
plague die within 8 days ?
is the mortality rate of pneumonic plague ?
appears from the pneumonic plague ?
did the plos pathogens paper come out ?
was the plos pathogens paper about ?
did scientists assess the dna/rna of yersinia pestis ?
did scientists find their y. pestis sample ?
are clades ?
were found in the mass graves ?
do the strains of y. pestis suggest abut the plague ?
did the first variant of y. pestis enter europe ?
did the y. pestis reach england ?
is the current status of the haensch study ?
was the burial site used for testing located ?
is thought to have happened to the y. pestis that caused the black death ?
was the study on sequenced y genomes published ?
challenged the plague theory first ?
did shrewsbury note about the plague ?
was shrewsbury 's conclusion ?
did graham twigg publish in 1984 ?
discussed twigg 's study in 2002 ?
is as important as identifying plague symptoms ?
are researchers struggling to identify the history of the plague ?
do estimations of the population during the plague vary ?
can population estimates be extrapolated from ?
was no census taken ?
might rats not be responsible for the plague ?
was the transfer of disease through fleas ?
might the temperature affect the theory of plague spreading ?
could separate outbreaks of the black death ?
does graham twigg propose about the spread of disease ?
was norman cantor 's theory about the plague ?
do many scientists believe contributed to plague pandemic ?
did public health england exhume ?
east died of the plague ?
was killed by the plague ?
do isolated , spaced out graves of plague victims indicate ?
would die of plague in largely populated cities ?
areas were least vulnerable to disease ?
did the plague return to europe ?
did biraben say about the plague in europe ?
were lost to plague between 1628-31 ?
did historians do in the absence of census figures ?
did the black death technically subside ?
died in the outbreak of 1471 ?
was the great plague of london ?
died of plague in paris in 1466 ?
the black plague ravaged europe for three years followed ?
was associated with troops in the thirty years war ?
was the last plague outbreak ?
did plague occur in venice ?
were killed by plague in italy in the 17th century ?
were killed by plague in naples in 1656 ?
died of plague in 1649 ?
fought in the great northern war ?
was europe 's last major epidemic ?
was the plague present in islamic countries ?
were lost in algiers during 1620-21 ?
did plague last in the ottoman empire ?
have died of plague in baghdad ?
an igneous rock is a rock crystallizes from what ?
sedimentary rock can be turned of the three types of rock ?
the three types of rock are re-melted what is formed ?
are the three major types of rock ?
?
was the most important discovery that led to the understanding that earth 's lithosphere is separated into tectonic plates ?
are included in the lithosphere ?
is another word for the earth 's upper mantle ?
was seafloor spreading discovered ?
is the area called where two plates move apart ?
is the area called where one plate subducts under another ?
is defined by having widespread powerful earthquakes , as in the state of california ?
was the theory of continental drift ?
the lithosphere moves over mantle n the theory of plate tectonics ?
do seismologists use to image the interior of the earth ?
in the layered model of the earth , the outermost layer is ?
is the second timeline needed ?
is further expanded in the fourth scale ?
is the name of the latest epoch ?
the pleistocene epoch takes place ?
relates to the formation of faults and the age of the sequences through which they cut ?
rock formations are found on top of a fault that have not been cut , then they must be older or younger than the fault ?
rocks on top of a fault are cut are always older or younger than the fault itself ?
foreign bodies , which are older than the rocks themselves , occur igneous rocks ?
xenoliths are picked up and deposited into the matrix of igneous rocks ?
is another word for inclusions in sedimentary rocks ?
is the principle that states that with sedimentary rocks , inclusions must be older than the formation that contains them ?
is something that is often torn up and included in sedimentary rock ?
is based on the appearance of fossils in sedimentary rocks ?
were the principle of faunal succession built upon ?
the presence or absence of can be used to determine the relative age of the formations in which they are found ?
the principle of faunal succession was developed 100 years before ?
was the ability to use radioactive isotopes to date rock formations developed ?
was used previously to help date rock formations ?
dating rocks , what is the absolute isotopic date applied to ?
can be used to determine paleotopography ?
the point different radiometric isotopes stop diffusing into and out of the crystal lattice is called what ?
are used in geochronologic and thermochronologic studies ?
can you find the absolute age of sedimentary rock units which do not contain radioactive isotopes ?
rock units become thicker and shorten placed under this type of compression .
do thrust faults form ?
rock folds deep in the earth it can fold one of two ways , when it buckles upwards it creates what ?
rock folds deep in the earth it can fold one of two ways , when it buckles downwards it creates what ?
stretched rocks pinch into lenses are known by what word ?
can the entire sedimentary sequence of the grand canyon be seen in less than the length of a meter ?
rocks are a depth where they are ductilely stretched are also often what ?
is another word for long , planar igneous intrusions ?
do dikes form ?
are formed by faulting and other deformational processes ?
maintains topographic gradients ?
are often associated with volcanism and igneous activity ?
is the oldest known rock in the world ?
is found at the grand canyon ?
the rocks at the grand canyon have been in place since ?
is the oldest known rock in the world located ?
is petrology ?
is stratigraphy ?
is structural geology ?
do geologists study ?
do petrologists use electron microprobes in the laboratory for ?
are analyzed with a conoscopic lens by petrologists ?
petrologists identify rock samples in the field and else ?
is used by petrologists ?
can petrologists understand the pressures at which different mineral phases appear ?
can petrologists understand the temperature at which different mineral phases appear ?
give information about strain within the crystalline structure of the rocks ?
do structural geologists observe the fabric within the rocks ?
do structural geologists perform ?
zones mountains are built along convergent tectonic plate boundaries are called what ?
are among the most well known experiments in structural geology ?
horizontal layers of are pulled along a surface into a back stop in analog versions of orogenic wedge experiments ?
does critically tapered mean ?
is more sophisticated , numericals model or an analog models of orogenic wedges ?
the analysis of stratigraphic sections such as drill cores is done ?
show the location of stratigraphic units in the subsurface ?
can be combined with geophysical data to produce a better view of the subsurface ?
do stratigraphers use to see their data in three dimensions ?
stratigraphers try to locate areas of extraction ?
is it important to precisely date rocks within the stratigraphic section ?
analyzes rock samples from drill cores in the lab ?
looks for signs of magnetic reversals in igneous rocks within the drill cores ?
dates rocks , precisely , within the stratigraphic section ?
fielding h. garrison believes that the science of geology can be traced to ?
living from 973 -- 1048 ce he was one of the earliest persian geologists , was his name ?
in china , this person inferred that the land was formed by erosion of the mountains and by silt deposition , was his name ?
this person proposed explanations for the origins of earthquakes and the formation of mountains , was his name ?
prompted shen kuo to believe the land was formed by erosion of the mountains ?
is viewed as the first modern geologist ?
was the main idea of james hutton 's paper ?
produced the first geological map of the u.s. ?
was the first geological map of the u.s. produced ?
did william maclure begin the process of creating the first geological map of the u.s. ?
was the memoir entitled which was submitted to the american philosophical society ?
did william maclure submit the map ?
did the doctrine of the principles of geology successfully promote ?
states that slow geological processes are still occurring today , and have occurred throughout earth 's history ?
states that earth 's features remained unchanged after forming in one single catastrophic event ?
was influenced by the book principles of geology ?
is newcastle ?
is newcastle ?
is newcastle a member of ?
was newcastle a part of until 1400 ?
's the regional nickname for newcastle and its surrounding area ?
built a castle in newcastle in 1080 ?
was the city an important center of in the 14th century ?
was mined in the newcastle area ?
was newcastle 's port developed in ?
globally popular half marathon began in 1981 ?
was the first recorded settlement in what became newcastle ?
was there originally a bridge across in roman times ?
was the estimated population of pons aelius around the 2nd century ?
has fragments visible in places around newcastle even today ?
were the romans fearful would invade from the north ?
newcastle served as a northern fortress for during the middle ages ?
granted newcastle a new charter in 1589 ?
was the stone wall built around newcastle in the 13th century ?
was the name of the king of the scots ?
did newcastle fight off the scots during the 14th century ?
did a 1530 royal act restrict shipments of ?
was the cartel of newcastle burgesses known as ?
does the phrase " taking coals to newcastle " mean ?
was the american timothy dexter widely regarded as ?
did the merchants of newcastle plot to do to timothy dexter ?
did the keelmen live with in a tight-knight community east of newcastle ?
was coal transferred from the river banks to colliers ?
died of plague in newcastle in the 1630s ?
was culled by the plague ?
did the north declare for during the english civil war ?
was cromwell 's allies ?
was roaring as newcastle was stormed ?
does fortiter defendit triumphans mean ?
was imprisoned in newcastle by the scots in 1646 through 1647 ?
did the industrial revolution cause to happen to newcastle ?
was the largest pottery company in the world in 1817 ?
were shipbuilding and engineering important to newcastle for in the 19th century ?
did charles parsons invent ?
does newcastle 's streets have in many parts ?
are chares ?
to higher parts of the city center ?
are in the towns of close , sandhill and quayside ?
is the house of tides ?
has recently undergone extensive restoration ?
did john dobson describe newcastle as ?
does nikolaus pevsner think is one of the finest in england ?
was a part of grainger town destroyed ?
is in eldon square ?
's the name of the green space north of the center of newcastle ?
is said to be the largest travelling funfair in europe ?
is the funfair held in newcastle ?
does bob geldof hold ?
has replaced the former shipping premises ?
commissioned the gateshead milennium bridge ?
designed the sage gateshead music center ?
have newcastle and gateshead linked together under a common banner ?
did the river tyne have the bambuco bridge ?
is the historic heart of newcastle ?
was richard grainger actively building and developing ?
are many of the buildings with turrets ?
man of grainger town 's 450 buildings are listed ?
did the grainger market replace ?
did newcastle 's first indoor market open ?
attended the dinner celebrating the opening of the grainger market ?
is the opening of the grainger market documented in the laing art gallery ?
listed the grainger market architecture as grade 1 in 1954 ?
's the climate like in newcastle ?
does the gulf stream exert on newcastle ?
does the north pennines cast ?
was the coldest temperature in newcastle recorded ?
is newcastle 's milder winters and cooler summers most similar to ?
was newcastle ninth in retail expenditures ?
is one of the largest city center shopping complexes in the uk ?
is thought to be the first in the world ?
did brainbridge 's official ledgers report revenue ?
was the new bus station in newcastle officially opened ?
is the area around grey 's monument ?
gosforth and byker are the largest shopping areas ?
is the name of the largest indoor shopping centre in europe ?
is the metrocentre located ?
was the dominant housing template when industrial centres were growing the fastest ?
were tyneside flats built as ?
are cany ash and robert sakula ?
can be achieved without building high or getting rid of common areas ?
did detached homes rise in 2010 ?
does the proportion of shared and converted houses in 2011 put this dwelling type in the color-coded brackets ?
is the dwelling type below ?
harrogate market is in the local ?
is overinflated ?
had a population around 259,000 ?
is the average age of people who live in newcastle ?
scottish or irish describe the type of people in newcastle have ?
is their a strong presence of ?
is the smallest number of bolivians it 's estimated live in newcastle ?
is it believed the bolivians account for ?
is the dialect of newcastle known as ?
conquered much of england after the end of roman imperial rule ?
does the geordie dialect keep of the older language which came before it ?
strang is an anglo-saxon word means what in modern english ?
" bairn " and " hyem " have origins ?
are some words from the geordia dialect used ?
are likely to use words like " howay " and " hadaway " ?
appears to be used exclusively in newcastle and surrounding areas ?
does " hoy " originate from ?
was published in february of 2007 ?
was newcastle named as the most type of city in the uk ?
's the average decibel level of noise in newcastle ?
can the residents of newcastle expect the city 's noise to have on them ?
was one location the noise readings in newcastle were taken at ?
is referred to as the diamond strip ?
does the empire muliplex cinema have ?
's the name of newcastle 's gay club scene ?
does the pink triangle have a range of ?
does newcastle have a proud history of ?
managed the original theatre royal in newcastle ?
did stephen kemble guide the theatre royal through ?
did the theater in newcastle originally open ?
was the theatre royal 's replacement built ?
does newcastle still contain many of ?
opened in 1837 ?
has been hosted at the theatre royal for over 25 years ?
do other smaller venues of newcastle tend to feature ?
was newcastlegateshead voted in 2006 ?
is the largest independent library outside of london ?
does newcastle 's library have ?
was the first public building to be lit by electric light in newcastle ?
lectured at the newcastle library on the 20th of october in 1880 ?
takes place in april in newcastle ?
is the evolution festival hosted ?
is the av festival held ?
does the food and drink festival run ?
is the largest traveling fair in europe ?
