who led the science and environmental policy project ?
how many combinatory and graph theoretical problems , formerly believed to be plagued by intractability , did karp 's paper address ?
what fueled luther 's concept of christ and his salvation ?
in what theory is the idea of a number exchanged with that of an ideal ?
which of temüjin 's brothers took up the role of male leader of the family ?
what type of civil war was fought between political and tribal warlords ?
what do astronaughts experience while in free-fall ?
what prestigious legal scholars are faculty members at harvard ?
what are the skin cells that can be transformed into tumors known as ?
since he did n't believe that salvation was acquired through good deeds , how was it achieved ?
what technique was used to decorate the east side of the building ?
when was the agreement to acquire abc approved by upt 's board ?
between what times does good morning america air on abc ?
the skylab had what type of equipment onboard that was supposed to be used in a different mission ?
until 1987 , what stance did the muslim brotherhood in palestine take towards israel ?
the average contractor hired how many employees ?
what new product did bank of america introduce in 1958 ?
what was zia-ul-haq accused of using islamization to legitimize ?
who was tesla 's main influence in karlovac ?
what did martin brecht call luther 's stand on the jews ?
how many species of insects are known in the region ?
what is the field of studying immunogenicity through bioinformatics known as ?
how are the certain costs which are difficult to avoid shared ?
when did kibaki and odinga sing an agreement on the formation of government ?
what did article 12 of the allied armistice terms require germany to withdraw from ?
the function of long-lived memory cells is an example of what kind of immune response ?
what british prime minister advisor is also a university alumni member ?
what has the united nations designed isil ?
who performed the funeral for martin luther ?
who was named president of disney-abc television group in 2004 ?
what was kublai khan 's relation to ogedei khan ?
what has the court required to be more accessible ?
what magnetic character do triplet o2 have ?
what types of discipline did the teacher have access to ?
what entity has taken the view that the goals of free trade are underpinned by the aims to improve people 's well being ?
who slipped on the levi 's stadium turf in week 6 of the 2015 nfl season ?
what term was used for the first regeneration ?
in 2009 , what did citadel communications rebrand it 's abc radio brand as ?
when was the united methodist church created ?
when a plant is injured , what can become proplastids ?
about how many of the asian population was hmong ?
what type of medal did nasa give the astronauts who visited space and the moon ?
each of the extended metropolitan areas has a population that exceeds what number ?
what is the time period represented in the museum 's textiles collection ?
what is an autoimmune disease that affects women preferentially ?
what is the main defense mechanism of bacteria known as ?
the freedom to provide services under tfeu article 56 applies to who ?
what is a term that means constant temperature ?
who was in command of the german military forces ?
who was the broadcaster for super bowl 50 in the united states ?
what type of rally was held ?
where was ralph earl of ?
what was warsaw 's first literary cabaret ?
which of abc 's main production facilities is located in new york city ?
why has there been controversy in kenyan athletics ?
what time do the msps normally decide on the motions and amendments from that day ?
along with poppet valve gears , what type of gears utilized separate admission and exhaust valves to give ideal events ?
what was a major success , especially in rebuilding warsaw ?
how much more land does the school own in allston than cambridge ?
where can tesla 's theories as to what caused the skin damage be found ?
what is the term given to algorithms that utilize random bits ?
what is providing support networks considered to be ?
who is eligible to toss their name in the hat to be first minister ?
who lead the super bowl 50 halftime performance ?
which theorem can be simplified to the lasker–noether theorem ?
other than universal and warner brothers , what other company runs a major record company ?
who forced four fumbles for the broncos in the 2015 season ?
ableine was retired and the new platform is called
where is the upper canal regulation of the rhine ?
what do the services given by pharmacists provide ?
what may explain why some americans who 've become rich may have had a head start ?
what other english towns were sites of huguenot settlement ?
what is the delta in the rhine delimited in the west by ?
what appears to be used exclusively in newcastle and surrounding areas ?
what does the ipcc rely on for research ?
a teacher must be a member in good standing with what entity in many situations ?
what is the name of sky q 's broadband router ?
what increases student 's motivation to learn ?
during what time period did income inequality decrease in the united states ?
in how many places is oxygen stored in its cycle ?
if roman numerals were used , what would super bowl 50 have been called ?
who did genghis khan charge with finding and punishing the shah ?
when was the military-political complex reflected upon within the scope of understanding imperialism ?
what is another function that primes have that the number 1 does not ?
when was the british east india company established ?
what city is the capital of victoria ?
how sure did the statement say scientists were that temperatures would keep rising ?
the church holds that they are equally bound to respect the sacredness of the life and well-being of whom ?
what characteristic of oxygen causes it to form bonds with other elements ?
how much did it cost to build levi 's stadium ?
what satellite enabled sky digital to launch an all new digital service ?
disney paid for the jungle book , alice through the looking glass , and which other film trailer to be aired during the game ?
on what other calendar is luther commemorated ?
which theory states that slow geological processes are still occurring today , and have occurred throughout earth 's history ?
what are the anitmicrobial peptides secreted by the skin called ?
how many residential dorms house upper class , sophomore , jr , and sr students ?
in contrast how were catholic saints portrayed ?
what book recognizes the importance of the chalcedonian creed ?
what is the key accomplishment of genghis khan that modern mongolians celebrate ?
what is the number of plant species in economics and social interest ?
when was manning picked # 1 in the nfl draft ?
what apollo mission was this lor method used and needed ?
when did a charlie brown christmas debut ?
what 's one factor in eroding self-esteem ?
when is the suspended team scheduled to return ?
when had the six ministries existed ?
what makes red algae red ?
what percentage of farmland grows wheat ?
outside of national recognition , what other kind of recognition do some of the cities get ?
how much does victoria produce in australian pears ?
in what country is a background check required ?
which hotel did the broncos use for super bowl 50 ?
what was the main radio network in the 1940s in america ?
what was the forerunner of the modern-day ieee ?
who lead the halftime show of super bowl 50 ?
what is the medieval esteve pharmacy used as at present ?
what does the acronym lem stand for ?
how many types of religious or spiritual teachers are there in christianity ?
besides confucianism , buddhism , and islam , what religions were tolerated during the yuan ?
when did the ban on cigarette advertising take effect for television networks ?
who formed the universal theory of gravitation ?
who applies expertise to relate the work and materials involved to a proper valuation ?
np complete problems contain the lowest likelihood of being located in what problem class ?
what conjecture holds that there are always a minimum of 4 primes between the squares of consecutive primes greater than 2 ?
what did michael mullet call luther 's speech ?
what does most of the hd material use as a standard ?
what did the church claim could be avoided with money ?
why did opec raise the price of oil to $ 5.11 ?
how is chloroplast replication observed ?
what did tesla do in december 1878 ?
who did newton complete a 45 yard pass to on the opening drive of the second half ?
which conference do the teams in southern california play in ?
what castle currently houses the centre for contemporary art ?
which germans could understand the language luther used ?
when the recovery between the widening gap between the richest citizens and rest of the nation slow ?
why is jochi 's reported alliance with the muslims historically suspect ?
during what period did the tower theatre re-open ?
what is the name of san francisco 's stadium when looked at as a possibility for super bowl 50 ?
the mountain ranges tail off into what kind of geographical formation ?
what natives were displaced by british takeover in florida ?
how many men would the lm take to the lunar surface and return to the csm ?
how many times has doctor who won the hugo for best dramatic presentation ?
who was the medical report written for ?
how many horsepower was watt 's engine ?
which theory of einstein 's did tesla speak critically toward ?
which region invented the machine gun ?
what do chloroplasts in mesophyll cells lack ?
which measure must be adopted when there is a choice between several ?
to whom did luther send a letter containing his 95 theses ?
who makes formal appointment or dismissal decisions ?
what governing body appoints commissioners and the board of european central bank ?
when was the russian policy " indigenization " defunded ?
who dominates the world of long distance running ?
agassiz 's approach to science combined observation and what ?
to force japan to be more involved in the crisis , what did saudi and kuwaiti government do ?
who was drawn to jacksonville in the 1910s ?
who did the ottoman empire ally with in ww i ?
in which middle eastern country is genghis khan 's title a popular name for male children ?
which carolina panthers team member was picked as the team 's mvp in 2015 ?
the central pacific railroad established a station for its new line in what year ?
to what place did he bring the injured pigeons to take care of them ?
what was the name of the first doctor who radio drama ?
what type of flower is sought on midsummer 's eve ?
what scientist created the daleks , by mutation ?
when did galor and zeria show new information about inequality ?
what does the sea monster with a female upper body hold in its claws ?
who was new france 's governor ?
when did the university start having a bachelor 's degree program in theater & performance studies ?
in what way did lavoisier see that the tin he used in his experiment had increased ?
how many color analysts were involved with super bowl 50 ?
the cities of los angeles and san diego are a part of which state ?
who did josel of rosheim blame for the condition of jews in saxony ?
which rival 's tribes did genghis khan famously measure against the linchpin ?
how does adaptive/acquired immunity help in the future ?
what type of electric current is needed for electrolysis ?
what physical condition can acute oxygen toxicity cause ?
who represents the scottish parliament at home and abroad in an official capacity ?
long-lived memory cells can remember previous encounters with what ?
which logo was used for the third doctor who 's last season ?
how many large public parks does fresno have ?
what does mark u. edwards claim as a possible cause of luther 's antisemitism ?
in what year did a tropical storm cause a four day loss of power to jacksonville ?
what goal does islamism have when it comes to society and government ?
who organized the britain can make it exhibition ?
what is the section of the rhine gorge recognized by unesco called ?
the innate immune system responds in a generic way , meaning it is what ?
when was amnesty granted to those responsible for the massacre ?
where was it shown to have a 0.3 % prevalence of sexual abuse by professionals ?
imperialism extends a country 's power and what ?
what is featured on the city of fresno 's city flag ?
what has a negative influence over the us economy ?
who is the only other afc champion team to wear road jerseys in a super bowl ?
what is a kind of defense response that makes the entire plant resistant to a particular agent ?
were the centers profitable
who conceptualized the aeolipile ?
up to what age do students in the united kingdom attend preparatory schools ?
when did europe slowly begin to warm up from the last ice age ?
what famous composer used a lutheran hymn in his work ?
what is the only form kinetic energy can change into ?
what brought warsaw 's stock exchange to a stop ?
if input size is is equal to n , what can respectively be assumed is the function of n ?
in which case did a german man claim the right to live in netherlands where he was a volunteer plumber ?
what program for abc was a remake of the film the boy from oklahoma ?
how are the galleries overlooking the garden arranged ?
in which year did a toxic waste spill from a european ship prompt the commission to look into legislation against waste ?
when was the coldest temperature in newcastle recorded ?
what foreign bodies , which are older than the rocks themselves , occur igneous rocks ?
what shape are plastoglobuli ?
which membrane was lost in euglenophyte chloroplasts ?
what was the idealized value of imperialism ?
how are nuclear forces transmitted ?
phagocytes can be called to a specific location by what ?
what characteristic due most items display after burning ?
what types of waves do seismologists use to image the interior of the earth ?
which episode in 2008 was over an hour long ?
when is the oldest recorded incident of civil disobedience ?
what is the largest sensory feature of the ctenophora ?
how old are the gravestones that reference the plague ?
how many years has thomas davis played in the nfl ?
what civilization did the pottery belong to ?
what year did the university open a center in hong kong ?
which team did gary kubiak play for when he was in the super bowl ?
how do you determine the acceleration of a rope when two people are pulling it ?
what is controled by the market and economy ?
boycotting , refusing to pay taxes , sit ins , and draft dodging all make what harder ?
what club won 118 tournaments and 15 national championships ?
what color were the bronco 's uniforms in super bowl 50 ?
what ca n't parliament do that causes equality and democracy to be deficient ?
how many seasons did the bbc produce doctor who ?
eicosanoids include what compounds that result in fever and blood vessel dilation ?
what is the name given to the university 's main library ?
who thinks that luther added antisemitism as a cultural element to germany ?
what is the name of the donor who helped establish the hutchinson commons ?
what set is a seat added to after being allocated ?
charleston settler elie prioleau was from what french town ?
what new tasks do the protein products of transferred genes take on ?
what logo is used for all merchandise that features past doctors ?
what types of teachers are retiring the most ?
where do many merchants and explorers go ?
what did temüjin promise his followers in exchange for their obedience ?
what is an expression that can be used to illustrate the suspected inequality of complexity classes ?
how many levels of galleries do the façades surround ?
normally silver , what color was used for the number 50 ?
how much land do farms use in victoria ?
who hit the goal post on a field goal attempt ?
what was the last game that elway played as a quarterback for denver ?
what group of civil disobedients brought medicine to iraq without the permission of the government ?
what cycle ac current system did tesla propose ?
what year was super bowl 50 ?
what guide states the univeristy of chicago is known for their heavy workload and academic difficulty ?
who was the main performer at this year 's halftime show ?
what type of wages does mechanization and automation lead to ?
who identified gravity as a force ?
what science fiction writer introduced the doctor who episodes for a period of time ?
what is the average width of the rhine ?
some theories argue that civil disobedience is justified in regard to ?
what did pope leo x launch against luther ?
what day of the week does the time for reflection take place ?
what is the name of the trophy that all super bowl winners receive ?
who is the publisher of the doctor who adventures magazine ?
what event followed the battle ?
what even is the earliest known reference to immunity ?
what is it estimated that about half of all variation in homicide rates can be accounted for by ?
what chloroplast structure is similar to the inner mitochondria membrane ?
who is an example of the diversity of leadership in the mongol empire ?
what element did gay-lussac and von humboldt discover was present in twice the amount of oxygen in water ?
who sculpted the representations of prince albert and queen victoria found in the main entrance ?
where did jebe die ?
what president eliminated the christian position in the curriculum ?
what geochemist developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating ?
if the teacher focuses on maintaining order , what does this take time away from ?
when was the heatwave in which hopetoun recorded its highest temperature ?
how many universities does newcastle have ?
when did the fourth doctor appear on cd ?
what did luther devise to teach christianity to the congregation ?
ctenophores are less complex than what other group ?
what year was the latest addition to the church of st. andrew ?
most schools established by the umc are members of what group ?
how often are elections for the counsel held ?
who knocked the ball out of manning 's hands on the next play ?
what does the capabilities approach look at poverty as a form of ?
when was rem sleep discovered ?
roughly how many clubs are ran at the university ?
what kind of affect did luther often use in his discourses ?
abc purchased which of edgar scherick 's company ?
what form of poetry was developed in the yuan ?
how many nfl teams have gone 15-1 in one season ?
what role did michael oppenheimer have in the ipcc 's reports ?
what was the name of the character known as the time lady ?
what do the ten commandments teach christians how to do ?
where are these dams located ?
when was the sierra sky park airport formed ?
the urban renewal project was intended to help the residents of what neighborhood ?
approximately how many items are in the v & a 's textiles collection ?
on what date did the florida legislature decide against the plan to renovate the miami stadium ?
what are associated with normal forces ?
how many medieval warm period reconstructions covered 1,000+ years ?
how many victorians are non-religious ?
what shape are granal thylakoids ?
what is the goal of individual civil disobedience ?
who may teachers focus on , in order to prioritize attention ?
where does the proportion of shared and converted houses in 2011 put this dwelling type in the color-coded brackets ?
when did john wesley provide a revised version of the book of common prayer ?
how much did sky bid to win the 4 broadcast pacakges they bought ?
what will a society with more equality have ?
who was the first chair of the ipcc ?
when did zhenjin die ?
where was france concentraing efforts ?
primitive jawless vertebrates possess an array of receptors referred to as what ?
by what means were scientists able to liquefy air ?
what areas are pharmacy informatics prepared to work in ?
sir paul pindar 's house survived which 17th century disaster ?
who escaped when temüjin emerged victorious in his conflict with toghrul ?
when was the fso car factory founded ?
who is methodism 's revered founder ?
what happens when starch grains become overly large ?
where did france lose a war in the 1950 's ?
the los angeles clippers are a team belonging to which sport ?
what was the only drama extended for a second season for the 2010-11 schedule ?
what typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser ?
what did the merwede-oude maas form with waal and lek ?
how many fraternities form the university of chicago interfraternity council ?
what website are teachers using to sell their lesson plans ?
clergy are members of what group rather than of any local congregation ?
where did kenyatta visit at the invitation of the president ?
what was the chinese name of gou 's calendar ?
what kind of graph is an example of an input used in a decision problem ?
when was the riemann hypothesis proposed ?
rocks on top of a fault that are cut are always older or younger than the fault itself ?
motion pictures , petroleum and aircraft manufacturing have been major industries since which decade ?
who defeated the rebels at the battle of frankenhausen ?
when was the skylab launched ?
recently a more detailed model of the earth was developed . seismologists were able to create this using images of what from the interior of the earth ?
what has lately been being viewed as a fundamental status of member state nationals by the court of justice ?
what does untersee mean ?
what costumes collection did the v & a acquired in 2002 ?
where is the congress hall located ?
according to the umc , persons who are addicted to pornography have altered perceptions of whom ?
what profession does zbigniew badowski have ?
how do competing businesses attract workers ?
when a pathogen has been eaten by a phagocyte it becomes trapped in what vesicle ?
when was the 8-4-4 system launched ?
how long did ms kucukdeveci work for swedex gmbh & co kg before she was dismissed ?
why has warsaw seen many improvements over the past decade ?
in what language were the classes given ?
how many classes of immune hypersensitivity are there ?
who coached each super bowl 50 participant in their most recent super bowl appearance prior to super bowl 50 ?
what is the conventional method to measure the rhine ?
the umc maintains that war is incompatible with what ?
what is the name of the team from usc ?
what have peridinin-type chloroplasts lost ?
when was the city of malindi established ?
what is internet2
supplies from jacksonville were in support of which faction in the civil war ?
what geologic feature is composed of oxygen oxides ?
what is the second aspect of teacher enthusiasm ?
what is the united methodist church ?
when did the very first plugs-out test occur ?
when did abc first start ?
who first showed that newton 's theory of gravity was not as correct as another theory ?
what does the wessel-datteln canal run parallel to ?
which french composer wrote ametrical music using prime numbers ?
what feature normally allows the tardis to disguise itself ?
what do most online pharmacies do ?
who were exempt from the ministry of justice ?
what will be obtained as part of longer term plans for improvements to newcastle 's train system ?
who were two of the founders of the united methodist church ?
how much does the rhine discharge at the dutch border ?
what is the smalled work force sector ?
in the most basic sense what did a turing machine emulate ?
where is samuel marsden collegiate school located ?
what civil rights movement in the us was known for it 's disobedience ?
who created an engine using high pressure steam in 1801 ?
what year saw the earliest recorded use of the steam engine indicator ?
who was designated as the home team in the super bowl ?
what advancements besides military technology did europe achieve ?
jacksonville 's popularity for films earned it what title ?
how many plant species are of interest to society and manufacturers exist in the amazon rainforest ?
in what process are electrons recycled ?
who has the task of ensuring party members vote according to the party line ?
which theory states that earth 's features remained unchanged after forming in one single catastrophic event ?
photosynthesis uses which energy to for oxygen from water ?
when is the warsaw gallery weekend held ?
what was the main idea of james hutton 's paper ?
when did luther write the large catechism ?
who would generally teach from a work like the quran , torah or bible ?
pattern recognition receptors recognize components present in broad groups of what ?
who did warsaw serve as the seat for in 1529 ?
of what form are mersenne primes ?
what philadelphia institution did tesla give a demonstration to ?
where are pyrenoids found ?
what type of conservation include providing advice on the handling of items ?
where was evan washburn located while announcing during the game ?
what directions the local church to offer membership preparation to all people ?
what was the average duty of a low-pressure watt engine ?
in what kind of system of particles are there no unbalanced iinternal forces ?
what is the english translation of het scheur ?
what was the u.s. information agency charged with doing during the cold war ?
what was the dual mission as-258 a combination of ?
what are the only states where abc does n't have a licensed affiliate ?
how many bodies did public health england exhume ?
in what language was most of the statement written ?
what is kenya 's hdi ?
what is the escape of the steam unlikely to accomplish in all but the smallest boilers ?
what is the function of the tardis ?
what would a parent have to pay to send their child to a boarding school in 2012 ?
what molecules are parts of the body of an organism in immunology ?
how often do parliament elections take place ?
though turabi proclaimed his support for the democratic process , he strictly applied what after coming into power ?
what network is newcastle a member of ?
how many members can voters choose to represent the constituency ?
how far did the sea level drop in the ice ages ?
what is one of the largest and most modern oncological institutions in europe ?
what is the main difference between online pharmacies and community pharmacies ?
when did martin luther protest the sale of indulgences to his bishop ?
what is consumed in both combustion and respiration ?
how many victorians are buddhist ?
to where were the belongings taken ?
what type of antenna was used for communication on the lunar flights ?
how many seasons did nypd blue last ?
if a detention asks the student to write , what do they write ?
which time period does the sculpture collection cover ?
what other locations can the booth school of business be found ?
what portion of bird species make up the world 's total live in the rainforest ?
what is the time period of this statistic ?
what group did luther want to understand his works ?
since what year did the university offer a doctorate in cinema & media studies ?
who leads the national and public library servies ?
to promote accessibility of the works , what did luther remove ?
how old was katharina when she married luther ?
what monument is in memory of the largest insurrection of wwii ?
what was tesla 's father 's name ?
construction involves the translation of what ?
within the 30 days how many digiboxes had been sold ?
what sea were ctenophores accidently introduced ?
where were british defeated in canada ?
on what lake did troops attack fort willima henry in winter ?
under what instances can individuals rely on primary law in the court of justice of european union ?
how long was the summer theatre in operation ?
who stripped the ball from cam newton while sacking him on this drive ?
after the merger between abc and capital cities was completed , what was the resulting company known as ?
what issues do member states say the court of justice does not have the final say on ?
of what hollywood film company was upt a subsidiary of when it merged with abc ?
why does competition among workers drive down wages ?
who was the 4th to rule the yuan dynasty ?
the earliest items in the jewelry collection come from which ancient civilization ?
how is dioxygen most simply described ?
how many tons of saharan dust falls on the amazon basin each year ?
when sunday night football premiered , to which network did monday night football move ?
what is rubisco 's flaw ?
how much dust is blown out of the sahara each year ?
which theorem states that every large even integer can be written as a prime summed with a semiprime ?
what area in modern-day canada received huguenot immigrants ?
what kind of service is the skydrive service ?
who outbid general electric to provide light to the world 's columbian exposition ?
who designed the bronze doors used as the main entrance to the museum ?
what follows secondary education ?
what would be needed to host a larger population ?
where were populations centered in colonies ?
in what year of 20th century , did harvard release an important document about education in america ?
the university established a center in beijing in what year ?
in march 2015 , how many owned-and-operated stations did abc have ?
what was disney-abc domestic television previously known as ?
what are teachers expected to give their students ?
why would a teacher 's college exist ?
what is the other nhl team aside from the anaheim ducks to reside in southern california ?
on some nights how late did tesla work until ?
when did the german peasants war happen ?
where were french north americans settled ?
where is polonia 's home venue located ?
what year did the university team up with shimer college ?
who plotted the relationships between levels of income and inequality ?
how long will the event at santa clara convention center last ?
what was michael eisner 's main credit in his time at abc ?
what did this agreement do ?
what new component was found in certain rocks from the moon ?
what spurred increased support for government reform ?
what collection does the v & a theatre & performance galleries hold ?
how man people gather along the banks of the vistula for the wianki festival ?
what part of the v & a collection does the henry cole wing houses ?
what are the molecular inputs for photosynthesis ?
how many people attended the funeral ?
how did luther describe his time in the order ?
how are chloroplasts similar to mitochondria ?
what , on the part of a teacher , can result in a decrease in student performance
what day of the week was media day held on for super bowl 50 ?
what are stators attached to ?
what did luther call these donations ?
sedimentary rock can be turned into which of the three types of rock ?
when were the financial interest and syndication rules repealed ?
what is there a push for in the u.s. to reduce consumer drug costs ?
what is the colloquial phrase used to convey the continuum of algorithms with unlimited availability irrespective of time ?
what must the adoption of laws which will have legal effect in the eu have ?
when was newton the first selection in the nfl draft ?
who was in charge of the papal army in the war of barbastro ?
what was the source of the mistake ?
in what year did roger goodell call super bowl 50 'an important game for us as a league ' ?
what would a probationer need to do to earn more money , after 6 years ?
in what year did jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont receive a steam engine patent ?
who organized the trees of the amazon into four categories ?
what natural phenomenon did tesla create artificially ?
the umc was a founding member of what coalition ?
what makes plants green ?
where is this housing style being developed recently ?
if the tops of the rock units within the folds remain pointing upwards , they are called what ?
when did the attack occur in which the normans impressed prince guaimar iii occur ?
the united states is divided into how many jurisdictions ?
what alumni wrote " the good war " ?
what causes pauli repulsion ?
what point did the theologians differ on concerning the last supper ?
what was galileo ferraris ?
how long has the african great lakes region been inhabited ?
what is that grace of god which sustains the believers in the journey towards christian perfection ?
how many tons of living plants are in the rainforest ?
what does phycoerytherin appear in ?
in 1942 , what was north fresno previously called ?
what did basset analyze before coming to his conclusions ?
when did germanic tribes cross the rhine to migrate ?
hank paulson is the former chairman and ceo of what banking firm ?
in what year was the ordination order of transitional deacon abolished ?
in 2013-14 , nbc finished behind what network in the ratings ?
in what year was hatmanis and stearn 's seminal work in computational complexity received ?
what is the name of the french colony established in 1564 ?
what sports are kenyans active in ?
what is the comparison in price between australian private schools versus public ?
how old was newton in super bowl 50 ?
when will ford 's manufacturing plants close ?
whose portrait by françois clouet was included in the jones bequest of 1882 ?
when did kenya gain independance ?
what term was used for the second regeneration ?
who thought the world could be split into climatic zones ?
what does colonialism lack that imperialism has ?
civil disobedience has been argued in more recent times to have suffered from what ?
when did ribault first establish a settlement in south carolina ?
what is the steam engine 's thermodynamic basis ?
when was the methodist episcopal church founded ?
what year did the flood that impacted the meuse take place ?
who do most jurisdictions say can give scheduled drugs to the public ?
who can enforce the european union law when member states provide lesser rights ?
when did subutai 's army return to mongolia ?
what city served as poland 's capital in 1313 ?
besides britain and north america , where else did huguenot refugees settle ?
who did gegeen appoint as grand chancellor ?
for what size natural number does bertrand 's postulate hold ?
after what year did compounding cease to be used in britain ?
after its re-opening , which types of movies did the tower theatre show ?
where in central asia did the han chinese move ?
tesla 's induction motor and transformer was licensed by whom ?
how did luther say that reason contributes to faith ?
how much support does evidence provide for the view that labor-market flexibility improves labor-market outcomes ?
what kind of protists are euglenophytes ?
which area of china did japan conquer in 1931 ?
how much of the population is hindu ?
who took thomas murphy 's place after the disney acquisition of abc ?
how many picks did aqib talib have ?
what type of outcomes can even stable markets lead to ?
what is another term for tesla 's visualization ability ?
the rhine forms the border between austria and what other country ?
what was the horsepower put out by the turbines in waterside power station
us is concerned about confrontation of the middle east with which other country ?
what ranking in terms of busiest airports from international passenger volume is the los angeles international airport ?
what type of commutative ring does the lasker–noether theorem express every ideal as an intersection of primary ideals in ?
how many bits are often in the primes used for rsa public key cryptography algorithms ?
common sense realism of what scottish philosophers did agassiz incorporate in his dual view of knowedge ?
how many paid holiday days do most member states require ?
what do a great majority of rocks sampled from the moon show ?
along with marine engines and industrial units , in what machines was compounding popular ?
what is engineering news-record ?
which italian that is credited with the creating the baroque style of sculpture is represented in the v & a 's british galleries ?
what body has stated that physicians can also dispense drugs under specific conditions ?
telnet was sold to
what is one problem with internet pharmacies ?
antibodies transported from the mother to an infant via the placenta is an example of what type of short-lived immunity ?
when did tesla start working on the problem of energy and matter ?
why did the university eventually leave the conference ?
in what century was quantum mechanics made ?
what did the merchants of newcastle plot to do to timothy dexter ?
what actor played the valeyard ?
what collection was transferred to the museum when the new architectural history gallery opened ?
in order to be considered in the top percentile , a person would need to amass how much money each year ?
what does salafism in its harshest form encourage its followers to view the religion of others with ?
what percentage of total financial aid for undergraduates from harvard was in the form of grants ?
what are the eight sermons called that luther preached in march 1522 ?
how many crank rotations are there in an engine cycle ?
for how long did huguenots continue to use french names ?
if law breaking is not done in a public manor it is not considered what term ?
how many forced fumbles did thomas davis have ?
when did polonia warsaw win the country 's championship prior to 2000 ?
what are ctenophora commonly known as ?
how many phases was the metro opened in between 1980 and 1984 ?
what is chloroplast dna abbreviated as ?
what is the most common length of doctor who episodes ?
was the use of the datanet 1 name correct
what country has the most illiterate adults in the world ?
the practice of occupying and looting huguenot homes was called ?
what were requests made to british ?
what is the goal of the capabilities approach ?
prior to manning , who was the oldest quarterback to play in a super bowl ?
what senate committee did singer speak to in july 2000 ?
who if the commissioner of the nfl ?
how many research centers does the university run on campus ?
what administration did ludwig mies van der rohe designa buiding ?
what did the development of this fertile soil provide in hostile environment ?
hutchinson hall was designed to look like what oxford hall ?
what did germanic tribes establish with help from the rhine ?
with which museum does the v & a co-owns canova 's the three graces ?
what did tesla note the hazards of working with ?
who did the broncos prevent from going to the super bowl ?
what was a similar view about the asian continent called ?
when was the ipcc trust fund founded ?
which city is the fifth-largest city in california ?
what chemical element was the cause of the apollo 1 disastrous outcome ?
who might take disciplinary action against a teacher ?
what degree is now mandatory in the u.s. in order to be a licensed pharmacist ?
who won the mvp for the super bowl ?
how is lap provided by overlapping the admission side port ?
what was austpac
how many screens does the empire muliplex cinema have ?
which florida venue was one of three considered for super bowl 50 ?
what journalist wrote an article defending doctor who ?
can bskyb veto the presence of channels on their epg ?
what could tesla perform in his head ?
how do cestids swim ?
what composer used luther 's hymns in his works ?
from whom were the movement that eliot followed derived ?
what year did bskyb and microsoft announce their settlement ?
what book did luther translate into german at this time ?
where does southern california 's megalopolis standard in terms of population nationwide ?
the word imperialism has it 's origins in which ancient language ?
which fort was rebuilt in 1964 ?
high pressure steam engines were small enough that they could be used in what application ?
during what period did downtown fresno thrive ?
who headlined the halftime show for super bowl 50 ?
what did the meeting often become in argument ?
how many miles , once completed , will the the lewis s. eaton trail cover ?
what country has the most factories that pollute the rhine ?
which woman took a leadership role in the mongol empire while succession was being determined ?
what conviction motivated eliot to move towards secularization ?
the rhine gorge is between koblenz and what other city ?
other than san bernardino , which other developed southern californian city is not in close proximity to the coast ?
how do centripetal forces act in relation to vectors of velocity ?
what increased in the rhine because of the land clearance in the upland areas ?
the peruvian amazon indigienous people are one group struggling in the amazon , what is another group ?
what proclamation officially ended limited huguenot autonomy ?
what did tesla 's father promise him while he were bedridden ?
what did maududi believe muslim society could not be islamic in the absence of ?
in what year was the kalven report issued ?
when was the joint statement on climate change issued ?
how are chloroplasts in land plants usually shaped ?
what do you use to let idea strings switch direction ?
which mongolian president lauded genghis khan on the 850th anniversary of the conqueror 's birth ?
what do green chloroplasts have instead of phycobilisomes ?
what is impact melt that some samples of moon rocks show ?
how old was tesla when he became a us citizen ?
what can significantly contribute to the continuing inequality in a society over time ?
what did decnet originally do
what player did the field problem at levi 's stadium affect for a field goal in week six of the regular season ?
where can you see greyhound racing in newcastle ?
when was the most recent super bowl hosted in the south florida/miami area ?
besides death wish coffee , how many other competitors participated in the contest ?
when was the final legislative proposals for a scottish assembly passed ?
what replica was used for player introductions ?
the sieve of eratosthenes would not be valid if what were true ?
complexity theory classifies problems based on what primary attribute ?
what is the name of the spiritual teacher in hinduism ?
what component of water is more soluble than nitrogen ?
what did the nfl do to the playing field at levi 's stadium before the super bowl ?
where can population estimates be extrapolated from ?
how is circuit switching charecterized
what are two official bodies of the umc governing coalition ?
how much did tesla say edison offered him to redesign his motor and generators ?
what landmark was tesla asked about in regards to electricity in 1893 ?
who did the broncos tie with the most sacks in a super bowl ?
what did graham twigg publish in 1984 ?
in what year did abc agree to finance disneyland ?
what is the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name of the rhine ?
how much damage does breathing oxygen in space conditions cause ?
which city does the hollywood district belong to ?
which bound of time is more difficult to establish ?
who reported on the sideline for espn deportes ?
where are bills typically gestated in stage 1 ?
what does the urban education institute help run ?
vendobionta lived during which period ?
what type of item is the mostly likely to show in the v & a computer system ?
hobson argued that imperialism was an international what ?
what egyptian president jailed thousands of members of the brotherhood ?
who developed the first commercial steam powered device ?
in what year was the agreement to allow the saarland settlement reached ?
in what magazine did tesla talk about reflecting electricity off of submarine 's hulls ?
what is the frequency of the radio station wbt in north carolina ?
who designed the main façade that stretches along cromwell gardens ?
what theory accounted for the mercury problem ?
what is the name of a uniflow engine that takes in steam in hot areas and exhausts it in cold ?
which current type was tesla in favor of ?
who had mathmatical insite ?
what attracts the tourists to kenya ?
how many universities offer an initial teacher education ( ite ) program ?
in what year did enr compile data in nine market segments ?
how many granal thylakoids can be in each granum ?
what does the outside of the tardis resemble ?
when was bskyb 's digital service launched ?
what type of forested areas can be found on the highest terrace ?
who did he fire ?
what did luther call the mass instead of sacrifice ?
who lead the 1968 special programming for abc radio 's fm stations ?
why did natural sedimentation by the rhine compensate the transgression bby the sea ?
how did tesla know he was being struck by the particle ?
what did hamas win in the january 2006 legislative election ?
when did martin luther publish his translation of the new testament ?
what satellite was used when sky digital was launched ?
what happens when bathocyroe and ocyropsis clap their lobes together ?
what is typically used to broadly define complexity measures ?
which county is developing its business center ?
who did disney sell the four newspapers that abc controlled to ?
what is the present-day location of this church ?
what cable provider did abc reach an agreement with in 1993 to carry it 's owned-and-operated stations in abc o & o markets ?
what did tymnet connect
how can someone be recognized as local church lay servant ?
who claims that public companies can also be part of civil disobedience ?
how long did phillips manage the apollo missions ?
what kind of division of power did kublai 's government have ?
what material 's weight gain during rusting was an early clue that philogiston theory was wrong ?
political advantage is an attribute of which state policies ?
who started the ipcc trust fund ?
what is the alpine valley that the rhine flows through ?
what pushes businesses to increase pressures on workers ?
for what purpose do organisms make peroxide and superoxide ?
what are upper-level secondary schools called ?
what delivery message was used
does the new deal include video on demand and high definition ?
what do chloroplasts look like in spinach grown in green light ?
other than the 1980s , in which decade did most of san bernardino and riverside counties develop ?
how long was the broadcast delay the first time the series premiered ?
how many offensive players from the panthers were selected to play in the pro bowl ?
in the capabilities approach , grow and income are considered a means to an end rather than what ?
who founded the muslim brotherhood ?
what reasons cause failure of the disobedience with authorities ?
in what year was a program study done on the modules labeled as block i and block ii ?
the issues of what era did tesla 's article talk about ?
who was boleslaw ii of masovia ?
what class sizes can make keeping order difficult ?
what did the next three drives result in ?
who was on celeron 's expedition ?
who did george westinghouse beat out to light the world 's columbian exposition ?
what did davies call the system
where was the first settlement in victoria ?
where are the rows of combs located ?
how many bafta cymru awards has doctor who received ?
what does kitab rudjdjar mean in english ?
what is the moniker that is being used to describe the region 's diversified technology ?
what was developed from watt 's measurements on a model steam engine ?
what year did the storm hit richard 's fleet ?
what is referred to as the diamond strip ?
who led the third division in khwarezmia alongside genghis khan himself ?
what did the islamic state proclaim itself in 2014 ?
when did the bbc rebroadcast the first episode of doctor who ?
why is shine-dalgarno sequence recognition important ?
which station covered the game for north carolina ?
where was tesla hoping to attend classes in prague ?
what types of houses are designed by fresno architects ?
who first sent radio waves across the atlantic ?
what other moniker was genghis khan 's general jebe known by ?
how many interceptions did cam newton throw ?
how long ago did cyanobacteria enter a cell ?
what do some sources say nikola 's brother died from ?
who were temüjin 's three full brothers ?
how many years could separate outbreaks of the black death ?
what is the famous rock near sanke goarshausen ?
when did photosynthetic organisms evolve on earth ?
in what month and year did the apollo 11 mission occur ?
when was tesla brought to gospic ?
what is the current status of the haensch study ?
what type of prime distribution is characterized about x/log x of numbers less than x ?
who considers los angeles county to be a separate metropolitan area ?
what is the earliest that bach began using luther hymns ?
who controlled sicily before the normans ?
when was the color crimson adopted at harvard as official color ?
the price of oil is usually a stable commodity until when ?
how many teams up to super bowl 50 have been to the championship game eight times ?
who presents different ideas about how to accomplish goals ?
how many tackles did luke kuechly register ?
what president of the university transformed it into a modern research university ?
what was the name of the storm that hit jacksonville in may of 2012 ?
what kind of membrane came from the host ?
huguenots in killeshandra and county cavan expanded what agricultural industry ?
besides germany and switzerland , where else is lake constance ?
when did the methodist protestant church split from the methodist episcopal church ?
why did the european nations and japan separated themselves from united states during the crisis ?
what are the largest objects in the v & a ceramics and glass collection ?
what is the name of the latin translation of dioscorides ' book ?
what do beroids typically eat ?
when was ambulatory care pharmacy approved as its own certification ?
what programs are broadcast from the times square studios for abc ?
who used the church to unify themselves ?
what was the name of the story from the third torchwood series ?
what constitutional change was considered ?
what events are often associated with volcanism and igneous activity ?
what provided much of the basis for the structure of the parliament in 1995 ?
on an international level , which industry 's competitive positions is affected ?
in the mid 18th century , who did not concur that 1 should be the first prime number ?
what does the pleurobrachia have on opposite sides of its body ?
who tackled the carolina panthers ' quarterback just before the end of the first half ?
where did the exposition take place ?
how much was the 1994 earthquake estimated to have cost ?
who is the parent company of nds ?
what was the cost of the other super bowl events in the san francisco area ?
what did stiglitz present in 2009 regarding global inequality ?
where can one find the formerly huguenot farms in south africa ?
what is student motivation about school linked to ?
where is the apostles located ?
what did the acronym aap stand for ?
hormones can alter the sensitivity of the immune system , so they can be referred to as what ?
what color is phycoerytherin ?
how many doctor who christmas specials have been shown ?
other than the automobile club of southern california , what other aaa auto club chose to simplify the divide ?
in what year was the battle that resulted from a confederate cavalry unit attacking a union expedition ?
in cases with shared medium how is it delivered
what was the occupation of joseph priestley ?
who created the code that governed military and civilian conduct in the mongol empire ?
who is the general secretary for the national association of schoolmasters union of women teachers ?
who makes up the student government ?
what is the name of contemporary mongolian currency ?
what did he hope to locate underground ?
how much money did the committee raise ?
what station aired the super bowl ?
what dual titles did frederick william hold ?
who sacked newton with 11 seconds left in the first half ?
what park covers an area of 76 ha . ?
classifying the stages of what is important to mapping aspects of the amazon ?
the brotherhood was the only opposition group in egypt able to do what during elections ?
which comedian did a parody where a dalek appears ?
which regions have temperate climates ?
how did this effect the producer prices ?
who decides who gets to speak in the chamber debates ?
how much of the greenhouse effect is due to carbon dioxide ?
what have many ht members graduated to joining ?
when did the lightening event happen ?
in which year did john sheepshanks donated a large collection of paintings ?
conservative islam classifies muslims who follow shia interpretation as what ?
when was the duchy of normandy founded ?
when are subject committees established ?
how much energy loss did he expect would occur ?
what will have a direct impact of inequality in a system that uses a progressive tax ?
in addition to watt , boulton and smeaton , whose engine was an atmosphere design ?
where are jersey and guernsey
how many solo sacks did von miller have in the game ?
who did martin luther marry ?
when did the name black death officially take root in england ?
where on earth is free oxygen found ?
who did a morphologically analysis in 1985 that concluded cydippids are not monophyletic ?
how are austpac connections made
how do bills pass through parliament ?
when was the study on sequenced y genomes published ?
because of certain statements what was the believed state of his religious views ?
what did the court of justice say steymann was entitled to ?
what were the claims of corruption in the armed forces ?
who was responsible for the preliminary archaeological research at ologesailie and hyrax hill ?
who halted the advance of hulagu khan across the middle east ?
what was the nickname for the test where , during abort mode , the ascent engine was started and fired ?
when did these rebellions take place ?
how popular was coronation street in the late 80 's ?
which end of the saxon garden is the tom of the unknown soldier located at ?
how many students were enrolled in public schools in victoria ?
compared to other australian cities , what is the size of melbourne ?
when did rapid warming begin and help vegetation ?
if two integers are multiplied and output a value , what is this expression set called ?
cydippids combs are controlled by what ?
who did tesla credit for his abilities ?
who made ralph earl ?
how are the packets routed
when did french republicans back building the french empire ?
what reconstructions supported the 1999 paper 's information ?
how many parts does the consideration of a bill in stage 3 have ?
what is the parliamentary mace made of ?
very small markets had to wait until what decade to support an abc affiliate ?
what network assumed the rights to the miss america pageant in 2006 ?
what is the level of inequality in underdeveloped countries ?
what other entity was established at the same time as the european convention on human rights ?
when will roman numerals be used again to denote the super bowl number ?
what building was a gift from the soviet union ?
in what type of ring can prime ideals be used for validating quadratic reciprocity ?
what is a descriptive term for a low-to-high energy bond ?
civil disobedience can occur when people speak about a certain topic that is deemed as ?
which mission did schmitt finally land on the moon ?
what commemorates warsaw 's heroic history ?
what the marginal utility of wealth per income per person do as that person becomes richer ?
where did the rhine occupy during the holocene ?
what are one of the key cell types of the adaptive immune system ?
what is donald davies credited with
what did the ipcc say was mistaken ?
which entity has a monopoly on initiating legislation ?
is the lisbon treaty one that would alter existing treaties or replace them ?
who opened the new parliament building on october 9 , 2004 ?
what did robert koch prove was the cause of infectious disease ?
who wrote the eulogy ?
what types of scientists looks for signs of magnetic reversals in igneous rocks within the drill cores ?
by 1897 , how much had tesla , brown , and peck received in royalties and licenses over the patents ?
of what material were the death rays pellets made ?
how man volumes does the the university of chicago library system hold ?
in what year did tesla go to colorado springs ?
who ruled the duchy of normandy
in many countries , what kind of pay gap is there ?
after the capital cities - abc merger , frederick pierce was named to what position ?
capital city and abc sold the wxyz-tv and wfts-tv stations to what company ?
pneumatica was written by what greek writer ?
what area was kublai trying to capture by attacking xiangyang ?
what is a hauptlied ?
which well-known general abandoned jamukha 's coalition against temüjin ?
what group operates st dominic 's college in wanganui ?
what aaron sorkin created show did abc debut in 1998 ?
how large are cytoplasmic ribosomes ?
where did maududi exert the most impact ?
in 2007 , what company purchased abc radio properties ?
what did luther explain about acquiring god 's grace ?
which young general did genghis khan send to conquer qara khitai ?
what do chloroplasts in mesophyll cells store carbon dioxide in ?
outside of livestock , what else was considered a major industry in the agriculture regions ?
how are the forces derived from fields treated similarly to ?
what sort of motion did watt 's steam engine continuously produce ?
which organization released a california earthquake forecast ?
what organization runs the satellite that measured dust that landed on the amazon ?
how long was each episode of doctor who ?
what ruler , besides john of saxony and philip of hesse , formed the schmalkaldic league ?
who develped the theory of relativity ?
when did torchwood premier ?
how many barrels of oil is it estimated kenya has ?
what was redesigned during the apollo program being grounded during 1970 ?
inflammation occurs during sleep times because of the presence of what molecule ?
what type of education is sometimes present at religious schools in addition to the secular curriculum ?
where was the fis formed ?
what shape is oedogonium 's chloroplasts ?
at the time of martin luther what was in demand ?
when did the yuan begin using bronze printing plates for its money ?
what tribe did toghrul lead ?
whose work corrected aristotle 's physics in the seventeenth century ?
from which countries did the norse originate ?
what year was newcastle ninth in retail expenditures ?
what are the two principal asian-american groups living in the west side neighborhood of fresno ?
the super bowl 50 host committee said it would be the most what ever ?
what shape of space did tesla consider a " false conception " ?
what was tesla 's father afraid would happen to him in school ?
what doctor who story from 1970 is available on blu-ray ?
what halftime performer previously headlined super bowl xlviii ?
what was the title of abc 's broadcast film program that debuted on sundays in 1962 ?
what percentage of oxygen will a zeolite sieve produce ?
of what mathematical nature is the basel problem ?
what is jacksonville 's hottest month on average ?
what is the name for a problem that meets ladner 's assertion ?
abc had secondary status on the existing stations in what ohio town ?
the business allowed for private companies to do what
what was the final score of the game between the broncos and steelers ?
who was the president of abc television in 1976 ?
where did most chloroplasts come from ?
how can function problems typically be restated ?
who played the companion named donna noble ?
what religion did the french spread along with their imperialism ?
a reaction against industrialiazation contributed to the development of what artistic movement in the late 19th century
where can the entire sedimentary sequence of the grand canyon be seen in less than the length of a meter ?
why would mongols have too little experience to govern cities they conquered ?
how many destinations are available worldwide from newcastle 's airport ?
when was the french colony in modern day brazil founded ?
how much victorian farmland is farmed in grains ?
what do people with lower income have less access to ?
in 1984 , abc purchased 15 % of what company 's shares in espn ?
in between french and british , what groups controlled land ?
what was the capital of khwarezmia before the mongol invasion ?
which player did the turf collapse under during a game in the levi 's stadium ?
who provides the bill of quantities ?
who had military control during the yuan ?
where were the ashes sent ?
statues of british artists adorn which part of the tower above the main entrance ?
is the umc pro-life or pro-choice ?
other than 7 and 13 , what other year interval do cicadas pupate ?
what yard marker on the field was painted gold ?
what did lempicka represent better than anyone else ?
what ruined richard 's plans to reach acre ?
when was the last time san francisco hosted a super bowl ?
what does the lobata have pair of ?
where did marin build first fort ?
what is an additional meaning intended when the word prime is used ?
what continent are the canarian islands off the coast of ?
what happened during the apollo 7 test mission to elicit them a lesser version of the dsm ?
when was john gallagher born ?
when did the league go from 15 to 16 games in the regular season ?
when did the untouchables debut on abc ?
who will be the new executive producer of doctor who in 2018 ?
how long has free movement and trade been central to european development ?
when did tesla discover the possibility of wireless connectivity ?
what cycle starts with rubisco ?
how many days was the 1996 film shown ahead of the bbc showing ?
cost overruns with government projects have occurred when the contractor did what ?
outside of northern san diego , which other region contains business districts ?
how much do estimations of the population during the plague vary ?
for whom was luther concerned about in mansfeld ?
survival needs such as income for food and shelter motivates what type of entrepreneurship ?
which french kind issued this declaration ?
what prize did peter higgs win ?
what type of interpretation of islam does salafism promote ?
how much revenue is private ?
the movements of the lobates combs are controlled by what ?
what is negatively correlated to the duration of economic growth ?
how many rows of combs are there ?
during which period in history was the amazon rainforest a narrow band of forest ?
where did water to the west of the amazon drainage basin flow towards ?
from 1947 to 1967 , how much did the price of oil increase ?
when did the last batch of students that followed the former system graudate ?
who loved warsaw so much that he kept putting it in his novels ?
who was tesla trying to photograph when he accidentally took the x-ray image ?
what celestial object eluded efforts to measure oxygen ?
what consist of one ore more annual conferences ?
what exchange in warsaw is one of the most important for central and eastern europe ?
what rive joins the rhine in duisburg ?
what is a ctenophora ?
what are the core treaties that the primary law of the eu consists of ?
down to how many laws did tesla believe the fundamental laws could be reduced ?
what device was one of the first to aid a controversy ?
what was notable about the butterflies ?
what properties are analyzed with a conoscopic lens by petrologists ?
to which year has the rococo augustus rex bureau cabinet been dated ?
how do plants get chloroplasts ?
what other city has hosted the super bowl ten times ?
what instrument became a national instrument in germany ?
what did giving money to the church absolve the giver from ?
which musical group did the v & a present in july 1973 as part of its youth outreach programme ?
who are the un-elected subordinates of member state governments ?
who was the first nasa scientist in space ?
what were tyneside flats built as ?
what was report p-2626
what consortium was bskyb excluded from ?
what are the two bodies that make up the european union 's legislature ?
who took up the path of violence ?
what is the title of edwards book about luther ?
what might the amazon forest become if it passes the tipping point and starts to die ?
what is something that is often torn up and included in sedimentary rock ?
what is considered as a potential advantage for wealth for some americans ?
what is the most controversial aspect of imperialism ?
who was robert 's son ?
what is the name of the desert on the border of arizona ?
what style was the warsaw philharmony edifice built in ?
what evidence between and among complexity classes would signify a theoretical watershed for complexity theory ?
who did temüjin 's mother adopt to help integrate the tribes he conquered ?
what is the repulsive force of close range atom interaction ?
what financial issue is notoriously prevalent in the construction field ?
of what does the covalent double bond result from ?
what spacecraft contained data to determine the oxygen content of the sun ?
what memorial was built years after genghis khan 's death and burial ?
when did menich serve as president ?
who designs both the " 50 " as well as the trophy ?
name a text that might be used by a religious teacher to teach .
if np is not equal to p , viewed through this lens , what type of problems can also be considered intractable ?
what net loss did the conservatives suffer ?
what did tesla think nitrous acid contributed to ?
where do cicadas spend the majority of their lives ?
who bought the rights ?
who is the city supervisor of san francisco ?
which country faced a complete embargo in the eec ?
how well did the mongol emperors know chinese ?
lots of tumor cells have fewer of what type of molecule on their surface ?
who wrote the mutants ?
le grand asks for a variance of what three terms ?
how many yards was the missed field goal ?
what country was abhisit vejjajiva prime minister of , despite having been born in newcastle ?
who was the world 's second largest oil producer ?
what type of special doctor who shows have been shown each year since 2005 ?
how long is the section of the rhine near chur ?
what was tugh 's chinese-style name ?
who was exempt from the meritocratic principles of the mongol empire ?
what is gravitational acceleration proportional to ?
what drives down wages in a job with many workers willing to work a lot ?
who disliked the affiliate program ?
the receptors on a killer t cell must bind to how many mhc : antigen complexes in order to activate the cell ?
where does the nederrijn change it 's name ?
what is an example of an immunosuppressive drug that prevents t cell activity by altering signal transduction pathways ?
when do cash flow problems exist ?
what is the name of a bodhisattva vow ?
what is the usual source of heat for boiling water in the steam engine ?
how many cinemas are currently housed at one site ?
what did tesla 's device work from the output of ?
what doctrine did the doctrine of the principles of geology successfully promote ?
what shows us lost chloroplasts ?
later chronicles of genghis khan 's death implicate a princess from what empire in his death ?
how many people did hamas kill between 2000 to 2007 ?
what country has low income inequality and high presence of unions ?
how much of normal is the oxygen breathed in space suits ?
what is the longest river in germany ?
how old was tesla when he became a citizen of the us ?
the use of what device represented the last major evolution of the steam engine ?
who stated that john jortin misunderstood luther ?
who killed begter , temüjin 's half-brother ?
complexity classes are generally classified into what ?
how were some modern economic inequalities created ?
what planet seemed to buck newton 's gravitational laws ?
which two leading roles did audra mcdonald perform when she was in high school ?
who did the mongols give control of korea ?
in 1758 what was duc de choiseul 's plan for focused military efforts ?
what player punched the ball in from the 2 ?
where in las vegas did a famous protest take place ?
what was the name of the approved measure that helped cover the cost of major city projects ?
at millingen aan de rijn where the rhine splits , what does it change it 's name to ?
how many bodies of water makes up lake constance ?
what bargain did his father make with him if tesla recovered ?
what did the warsaw confederation formally establish in 1573 ?
what interpretation of islam is , for many of the adherents , the " gold standard " of their religion ?
what was the importance of the congress ?
who are debates and meetings open to ?
where had the mongol capital been before kublai moved it ?
how does ht strive to amass power ?
what region does use the term 'private schools ' to refer to universities ?
what type of engines does the american car typically have ?
from what french king did the huguenot name possibly descend ?
what is the church 's theological orientation ?
who developed the 2007 imaging campaign for abc ?
how long after a banquet with tugh temur did kusala die ?
at what university 's facility did the broncos practice ?
warsaw 's national museum is one of the most what ?
who was abc 's third major rival in 1949 ?
what is the name of one type of computing method that is used to find prime numbers ?
in gebhard v consiglio ... milano , the requirements to be registered in milan before being able to practice law would be allowed under what conditions ?
who originally hosted who wants to be a millionaire for abc ?
who was the most valuable player of super bowl ii ?
what is the balance for positive reinforcement ?
roughly how much is the student government 's budget ?
who hired tesla in new york ?
which ctenophora have been studies the most ?
what company was chosen to build an ac distribution system at niagara falls ?
how many academic units make up the school ?
what rituals did kublai follow to help his image ?
there were many mongols with what unexpected status ?
what was enhanced in 2014 ?
who is known as the father of the modern steam railways ?
when did he first get out of bed following the accident ?
in what year did harvard stadium become the first ever concrete reinforced stadium in the country ?
how many g3p molecules leave the cycle ?
what is the name associated with the eight areas that make up a part of southern california ?
what do students do after primary school ?
what was normal british defense ?
how did genghis khan observed the surrender terms after samarkand fell ?
university of chicago scholars played a major part in what development ?
what is a lower rate of social goods an effect of ?
when was the settlement which would become warsaw established ?
what did john paul ii 's visits in 1979 and 1983 encourage ?
when was the disney and abc merger first announced ?
how many visitors did the britain can make it exhibition attract ?
where were the lambing flat riots ?
what does the matching helper t cell release when it binds with the mhc : antigen complex of the b cell ?
what kind of chloroplasts do cryptophytes have ?
who scolded luther about his rudeness ?
what are some examples of undesirable end results of a project ?
who punted the ball for carolina ?
what did tesla begin to research in march 1896 ?
how much does the services sector contribute to gdp ?
what was joseph haas arrested for ?
what is the complex " two-signal " activation of t cells referred to ?
what did gasquet think the plague was ?
when was there a sharp rise in nationalism in scotland ?
what was believed to be the cause of devastation to the civilization ?
what was the result of the 2007 election ?
what is the systemic acquired resistance response of a plant immune system ?
what are the main sources of primary law ?
resources are constrained by hierarchy theorems to produce what ?
what is the title for a seminary graduate who serves a two-three-year term in full-time appointment after being commissioned ?
in 1952 , how many television stations were there in the united states ?
who is the producer of doctor who ?
which president ended the emergency energy conservation act ?
where would profits go in this new company ?
humor is a part of the classroom for what type of teacher ?
who did bskyb team up with because it was not part of the consortium ?
which organisms have chloroplasts ?
some people describe what between individuals or groups as imperialism or colonialism ?
how high are victoria 's alpine regions ?
how many inhabitants does the los angeles area contain ?
why did gm , ford and chrysler introduced fuel-efficient and small cars to the us market ?
people behaving with civil disobedience that is not-violent is said to make society have more of what ?
what was the starting cost for a tv commercial lasting 30 seconds and airing during super bowl 50 ?
what was the principle shown in the mark of anarchy ?
when were the earliest doctor who books available ?
what is the name of mongolia 's largest airport ?
what was the first doctor who show that tvontario ran ?
what element makes up almost half of the earth 's crust by mass ?
where did genghis khan spend the summer after taking deshun ?
what method is used to intuitively assess or quantify the amount of resources required to solve a computational problem ?
what famous artist later further investigated philo 's experiments ?
what is one type of public key cryptography algorithm ?
what is the equality of forces between two objects exerting force on each other ? ?
prior to the arrival of the french , the area now known as jacksonville was previously inhabited by what people ?
who designed the new medieval and renaissance galleries which opened in 2009 ?
what was the capital of the ottoman empire ?
how soon after the cabin fire incident did nasa create its accident review board ?
what type of climate does jacksonville have ?
what monarchy did western troops protect ?
barro found there is little relation between income inequality and rates of what ?
what is the expression used to identify any given series of problems capable of being solved within time on a deterministic turing machine ?
what type of issues are members typically allowed to vote as they please ?
where was the charles porter steam engine indicator shown ?
what language is used in chinese primary schools in malaysia ?
who was kennedy 's science adviser that opposed manned spacecraft flights ?
what does nadph store ?
assuming p is a prime other than 2 or 5 , then , according to fermat 's theorem , what type of decimal will 1/p always be ?
which denver linebacker was named super bowl mvp ?
what is the general perception of non-mongolian histories of genghis khan by mongolians themselves ?
what happened to the dynamos in the power station ?
what led to protests and open discrediting of the eck ?
where is the airport located ?
what is god 's expression of eternal will , according to luther ?
what local radio station is broadcast by the corporation from the pink palace ?
what type of writings did the reading of the qur'an bring out in luther ?
what is warsaw 's economy characterized by ?
what has crime rate been show to be correlated with in a society ?
when did kenya reach the semi-finals ?
why are the small lakes in the parks emptied before winter ?
what is tuition for 2012 - 13 year at harvard ?
what kind of climate does southern california maintain ?
when rich countries trade with poor countries , whose wages increase ?
where was france 's huguenot population largely centered ?
how many of the remaining launches were successful ?
what river originally bounded the duchy
what kind of representational system does the victorian legislative council have ?
how much does it cost to gain entry to a parliament meeting ?
in what year was same-sex marriage legalized nationwide ?
who may not require that its teachers be certified ?
what field involves the study of the immune system ?
where did harold ii die ?
according to fermat 's theorem , what period does 1/p always have assuming p is prime that is not 2 or 5 ?
what project put the first americans into space ?
what type of cells engulf or eat pathogens and foreign particles ?
what lake connects the rhine to lake constance ?
what may be presented to parliament in various ways ?
who did duke yansheng kong duanyou flee with ?
if parliament agrees in a vote to the general principle of a bill , what does it then proceed to ?
who did play-by-play for the wbt broadcast ?
what river separates jacksonville ?
charles conrad and alan bean were on what spacecraft to the moon ?
where was the central secretariat based ?
what is the name of the quarterback who was 38 in super bowl xxxiii ?
at what time did tesla get dinner ?
how many campuses does the university of california have ?
what was the name of the work to give grants for youth development and other things ?
which doctor returned for the " children in need " show ?
what group bought cyprus after the norman conquest ?
who sets the agenda for the eu 's work ?
who was the duke in the battle of hastings ?
how long did it take for thoreau 's disobedience to be known ?
who was the game 's leading rusher ?
what completed the triad
what were the native inhabitants of australia called ?
which findings suggested that the region was densely populated ?
what french city was new rochelle named after ?
where was luther born ?
which entities have had to develop principles dedicated to conflict resolution between laws of different systems ?
what part of the umc calls for its bishops to uphold opposition to capital punishment ?
who was the # 2 pick in the 2011 nfl draft ?
what did the greek root pharmakos imply ?
that there currently exists no known integer factorization problem underpins what commonly used system ?
in what year did harvard president joseph willard die ?
what position in the government does robert gates hold ?
when was zhu shijie born ?
what was the name of the stadium that the teams played in ?
what is the name of another compelling continuation of the fermat primality test ?
what is the name of elementary schools ?
what does n't change from being at rest to movement at a constant velocity ?
on what day were images of the moon 's surface transmitted to earth via television images ?
what is the guidebook for local churches and pastors ?
which area is responsible for the long-term preservation of the v & a collections ?
how often must local lay servant reapply ?
by 1544 what did luther have to deal with in his health ?
who studies the expected monetary flow over the life of the project and to monitor the payouts throughout the process ?
how far is warsaw from the baltic sea ?
why were vocational subjects most important ?
to what is 50 kilopascals equal ?
what strains of y. pestis were found in the mass graves ?
why is majority rule used ?
what was the name of westinghouse 's company ?
how many first downs did denver have ?
what kind of statement is made in the effort of establishing the time and space requirements needed to enhance the ultimate number of problems solved ?
what network aired super bowl 50 ?
what other sources of high oxidative potential can add to a fire ?
what does refusing to preach the ten commandments not do ?
where is doctor who the record holder for most successful science fiction series of all time ?
who asserted russia 's right to " self-determination ? "
what is thought to have happened to the y. pestis that caused the black death ?
what year did the league begin having schedules with 16 games in them ?
who was the jin dynasty defector who betrayed the location of the jin army ?
how did the 2001 ipcc report compare to reality for 2001-2006 ?
who approved of this plan ?
what impact does workers working harder have on productivity of a business ?
which nasa location came around last to the idea of the lor ?
which proctor and gamble produced soap opera did abc air ?
what two talk shows are currently featured during daytime programming on abc ?
where does a canonball dropped from the crow 's nest of a ship actually land ?
jellyfish and sea anemones belong to which group/
at first , what did oxygen and iron combine to form ?
which tfeu article states that states are exempt from infringing on rights of establishment when they exercise official authority ?
what university donated the land for the manned spacecraft center ?
what does ctenophora rely on for digestion and respiration ?
what is the weakest main interaction ?
what tool has measured the amount of dust that travels from the sahara to the amazon ?
what years did the original doctor who series run ?
how many schools and institutions does the church operate overseas ?
how many saturn v rockets were produced by nasa during the apollo project ?
who registered the most sacks on the team this season ?
which player did the panthers lose to an acl injury in a preseason game ?
what network showed a doctor who film ?
who considers luther 's speech a world classic ?
what enzymes in saliva are antibacterial in nature ?
which former referee served as an analyst for cbs ?
which phylum is more complex than sponges ?
what are deacons granted if they are appointed as pastor in a local church ?
how much did levi 's stadium cost ?
how many points did the broncos defense allow their opponents to get ?
the restriction modification system is used by bacteria for protection from what pathogens ?
what company created doctor who ?
what river did genghis khan cross before defeating the main tangut army ?
whose activities were the french able to gain knowledge of ?
what was the name of the blind date concept program debuted by abc in 1966 ?
the taliban was so different from other moments that they could be more accurately described as being what ?
other than warships , what ships typically required high speeds ?
why was wesley compelled to break with standard practice and ordain two of his lay preachers as presbyters ?
what goldman sachs ceo is also an alumni of the university of chicago ?
the mission council usually consists of whom ?
what band is considered by many to be the first black metal group ?
are there any regions where the treaty of european union excludes from jurisdiction ?
what court case desegregated schools in the united states ?
what has successfully dealt with ozone depletion ?
what is as important as identifying plague symptoms ?
when did france and the dutch fight in the 17th century ?
what did the peasants believe luther would do for them ?
what is issued once construction is complete and a final inspection has been passed ?
what is used to decide a teacher 's salary ?
what percentage of primary schools used welsh primarily or exclusively ?
how was luther 's health for the years of 1531 to 1546 ?
what publication called doctor who " the greatest uk science fiction series ever " ?
how long was the first audio of a doctor who story ?
the house of the baryczko merchant family is a notable example of what type of architecture ?
when did honda , toyota and nissan open us assembly plants ?
how long would the astronauts be project to be able to stay on the moon for in the latter missions ?
are atmospheric oxygen levels going up , down , or staying the same ?
static friction balances what force when there is no movement of an object on a surface ?
what doctor was first referred to as " his secret " ?
what is southern california often abbreviated as ?
what does pushing and pulling perceptions provide for describing forces ?
when does the largest traveling fair in europe take place ?
under which directive did the eu harmonize restrictions on restrictions on marketing and advertising ?
what kind of university is the university of chicago ?
who was the inventor of the atmospheric engine ?
in which year did benjamin lamme achieve success making the motor more efficient ?
what might offering bonuses help reduce ?
what party had a victory in the 2015 uk election ?
what team di the broncos tie a super bowl record for in sacks ?
what did tesla claim his resonant frequencies could do in the world today article ?
what did temüjin 's mother emphasize in his lessons about mongolia 's volatile political climate ?
when was the last use by bach of luther 's work ?
how many times less is the strenght of the weak field compared to the strong ?
what was the period called that was 505 million years ago ?
in june 1884 , where did tesla relocate ?
where were abc 's international networks mainly situated in the 1970s ?
what percentage of funds were given as charitable funds to causes in and around san francisco ?
how did the final song emperor die ?
decision tree is an example of what type of measure ?
what will the prime minister have power over ?
what were european countries doing during the 1700 's ?
what has been the main reason for the shift to the view that income inequality harms growth ?
the all-channel receiver act mandated the support of what kind of tuning ?
during which eon did free oxygen begin appearing in quantity ?
the french and indian war was the new world aspect of what european conflict ?
what early greek wrote about experiments on air and combustion ?
which set of countries have higher economic mobility than the united states ?
what did tesla work as after dropping out ?
what did tesla do for a job that paid two dollars a day ?
when was the st. bartholomew 's day massacre ?
which area of khwarezmia did the first and second divisions of the mongol army target in a pincer attack ?
what percentage of a high pressure engine 's efficiency has the energiprojekt ab engine achieved ?
what may a force on one part of an object affect ?
where did temüjin hide during his escape from the tayichi'ud ?
the lithosphere moves over which mantle n the theory of plate tectonics ?
what was westinghouse potentially trying to avoid by paying tesla ?
who designed the plaster work in the art library ?
what is the total cost of attendance in 2012-13 ?
how did the black death make it to the mediterranean and europe ?
which rival of the mongols is suspected of inventing the story that genghis khan was murdered by a captured princess ?
what portion of berlin 's population spoke french by 1700 ?
where did a bloody civil war break out ?
what were the first two stations to carry abc 's programming ?
which of his future generals joined forces with temüjin around the time of his escape from the tayichi'ud ?
what is the process by which the antigen/antibody complex is processed in to peptides ?
what does damaging photosynthesis systems create ?
what was marin 's orders ?
imperialism is most often associated with which sovereignty ?
in august 1994 , which flint , michigan affiliate did abc purchase ?
who provided a definition of linear bounded automata in 1960 ?
what does a writer for the international crisis group think the concept of political islam is a creation of ?
what later invention was tesla 's idea similar to ?
in what direction does the mountain system extend ?
who selects and hires the best ideas and appropriate contractors ?
what was the most recent super bowl hosted in the south florida/miami area ?
what separates the neuroimmune system and peripheral immune system in humans ?
what is another term for university-preparatory schools ?
what did the polish citizens understand the subtext of john paul ii 's words to be ?
what is the other country the rhine separates switzerland to ?
whose role is to design the works , prepare the specifications and produce construction drawings , administer the contract , tender the works , and manage the works from inception to completion
what had the yuan used to print its money before bronze plates ?
when rock folds deep in the earth it can fold one of two ways , when it buckles downwards it creates what ?
what were features of apple talk
what type of reaction is present in the emergency oxygen generator of an airplane ?
what title did newcastle native basil hume achieve ?
what type of radar was used to classify trees into four categories ?
what was the secondary endosymbiotic event ?
what was thoreau 's punishment for not paying his taxes ?
what is harvard 's most intense rival ?
highways built in the amazon rainforest were built primarily for what kind of farmers ?
what does newcastle still contain many of ?
how old was peyton manning in 2015 ?
who did tesla call in the middle of the night ?
what does ctenophora use for digestion and respiration ?
how many native american people resided in fresno in 2010 ?
what is another way of learning that is not formal ?
who developed a successful steam engine indicator for charles porter ?
how many city officials were indicted due to corruption ?
other than the san diego metropolitan area , what other area are the communities along interstates 15 and 215 connected with ?
where did tesla begin a new job at in 1882 ?
when did the y. pestis reach england ?
most antibiotics target bacteria and do n't affect what class of organisms ?
what scale does trade liberalization shift economic inequality from ?
what were the win/loss game stats for the denver bronco 's regular season in 2015 ?
in local alemannic dialect , what is the the singular form of the names of the islands formed by the rhine ?
what is violating a law which is not the goal of the protest called ?
the entrepreneurs josiah wedgwood , matthew boulton and eleanor coade were influenced by what manufacturing process developed during the industrial revolution ?
why are chloroplasts of interest in gmo crops ?
what cell type is also used for immune response in most types of invertebrate life ?
where did luther become angry at the widespread destruction of church property ?
what is cultural imperialism often referred to as ?
how many companies were part of the quickbooks contest ?
how is the process of allocating seats repeated until all available seats have been determined ?
how many people would die of plague in largely populated cities ?
what is the name of the two-tentacled cydippid that feedsentirely on salps called ?
where did tesla and twain hang out ?
what was the result of the 1967 referendum ?
who financed general electric 's attempts to takeover westinghouse ?
what surrounds plastoglobuli ?
who commissioned the gateshead milennium bridge ?
in which case did the court of justice state that refusal to admit a lawyer to the belgian bar because he did not have belgian heritage was n't able to be justified ?
how are victorian cabinet members chosen ?
what part of the teaching council act requires registration ?
why was the rhine measurement changed ?
what is the nickname for abc 's logo from the 2000 campaign ?
what is the conventional measurement of the rhine ?
sleep hormones shift the cytokine balance to which cytokine ?
how many cathedrals does newcastle have ?
what does the time element in construction mean ?
what lesson did johann von staupitz teach luther repentance was ?
what did mongols worship ?
which mongol conqueror was most celebrated by the mughal emperors ?
who was an important early figure in the islamic revival in india ?
in a steam turbine , what are rotors mounted on ?
what is the name of newcastle 's basketball team ?
what did gou use for astronomy ?
what player won the mvp in super bowl v ?
what game show debuted on abc in 2007 as a replacement for striking programs ?
what was result of french attack of trading centre ?
what is the citation for the pierce v. society of sisters case ?
what team did kubiak play for in super bowl xxi ?
of what nationality was martin luther ?
how did trying to establish a devolved scottish assembly go in 1979 ?
what cytokines are responsible for communication between white blood cells ?
who wrote about the distillation of drinking water from sea water ?
who did luther say that christians must not slacken in following ?
where do chloroplasts pump hydrogen ?
in addition to recirculating water , what do condensers do ?
who did abercrombie replace as commander in chief ?
how may yards did peyton manning throw ?
how did huguenots evolve their religious beliefs in the new world ?
what is another type of accountant other than a cpa ?
other than the san jacinto fault , and the elsinore fault , name one other fault .
what profession are cany ash and robert sakula ?
what can construction projects suffer from ?
how many electorates does the state of victoria have ?
what does ctenophore mean in greek ?
when were these settlers naturalized as english colonists ?
what are alternate english spelling of genghis ?
why are debates on proposed motions by an msp conducted ?
where are some of the best medical facilities in east-central europe located ?
the maroons compete in what league division ?
what is a notable application of injectors today ?
what is one of the first responses the immune system has to infection ?
what is the average discharge of the moselle to the rhine ?
in addition to schools , where else is popularly based authority effective ?
who designed the largest item from italy that is part of the v & a sculpture collection ?
what was persistent unemployment have a negative effect on ?
when was the ability to use radioactive isotopes to date rock formations developed ?
what dictionary contains a non- violent definition ?
how man of grainger town 's 450 buildings are listed ?
what kind of weapon did tesla talk about ?
the reasons for the las two counties to be added are based on what ?
how many tiers are in the australian form of learning ?
what is the name of one algebraic generalization prime numbers have inspired ?
who licensed tesla 's induction motor ?
was this footage compatible or incompatible with live broadcast tv formats ?
the idea of acquired immunity in jawed vertebrates is the basis of what medical treatment ?
when year was the maastrich treaty signed ?
what is the last name of the player who finally recovered the ball newton lost in the fourth quarter ?
what did john dobson describe newcastle as ?
what did he think was everywhere in the universe ?
in what part of the united states did many students migrate to christian academies during the desegregation period ?
what was the name of the wife arranged for temüjin by his father ?
other than t cells , what other immune cells express cyp27b1 ?
when were the talks held for braodcast right to the primier league for a five year period from the 1992 season ?
on what type of exponentiation does the diffie–hellman key exchange depend on ?
what sort of power transmission did tesla show off at his labs ?
what carolina player was injured in the nfc championship game ?
who was guy 's rival ?
what do the former midlothian county buildings face ?
what has a lama determined to do ?
who leads the islamic state ?
which country besides the cuba did the united states try to annex in 1898 ?
where on the side are the two cast courts located ?
in what month and year was the as-258 scheduled to launch ?
a block of west end avenue that houses an abc news building was renamed for what abc anchor ?
what day did the apollo 11 crew return to earth ?
brownlee justifies civil disobedience toward what branch of the government ?
how many interactions are all of the universal forces based on ?
who played a part in the development of radar in france ?
what was the name of the 2007 christmas special ?
what was increased in november 2011 ?
who was the director of the american geographical society in 1914 ?
besides countries of origin and date of production , how are the textiles classified ?
whose chandelier grace the rotunda at the v & a 's main entrance ?
what party forms the scottish parliament ?
how do chloroplasts reproduce ?
who is also known at the father of the hydrogen bomb ?
what lab does the university have a joint stake in ?
who was given the esteemed status of mvp for super bowl 50 ?
what experiences acceleration when external force is applied to a system ?
up until 1990 , saudi arabia played an important role in restraining what groups ?
what city has the biggest port in germany ?
who did bskyb compete with initially ?
what did schurf 's letter say luther 's return caused ?
when did hulu begin offering abc 's programs for streaming ?
what entity owns v/line ?
how many protein-encoding genes are there in chromatophore dna ?
what is a term for the reversing of steam flow in a piston engine after each stroke ?
what does the thylakoid membrane use the energized electrons for ?
what school did he enroll in during 1875 ?
why should someone not commit a crime when they are protesting ?
which leading english tapestry workshop in the late 17th century and early 18th century is represented in the v & a collection ?
what do bathyctena chuni , euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera have in common ?
what country 's schools have codes of behavior that are very strict ?
how many gold medals did kenya win during the beijing olympics ?
who stated he wanted israel to vanish ?
in what year did one individual suggest classifying the trees of the amazon into four categories ?
what was the pinedale assembly center ?
who was rca president in 1942 ?
when was the new constitution promulgated ?
which company owns abc ?
what did the amazon rainforest do during the middle miocene ?
when did this attempt take place ?
what legitimate dynasty came after the yuan ?
where are issues like abortion and drug policy legislated on ?
what was the name of the first building built on campus grounds ?
when was geegen the emperor ?
why have some men avoided becoming teachers ?
what promoted the growrth of mnemiposis in the black sea ?
abc debuted what sports program on april 29 , 1961 ?
who was the broncos ' leading rusher for the 2015 season ?
when did the first direct elections take place ?
what was tugh temur known for ?
who was the mvp of super bowl xli ?
what religion were the normans
what is an annual meeting of all the officers of the church and any interested members ?
what do nuclear power plants heat to create electricity ?
what radio station did abc purchase in may 1960 ?
what were the towns granted to the huguenots in 1598 collectively called ?
how long did western europe control cyprus ?
as of 2008 , about what percentage of swedish students attended private schools ?
how many reptiles have been discovered in the amazon region ?
when was isiah bowman appointed to president wilson 's inquiry ?
what drama program was canceled by abc after a bad midseason run in 2010-11 ?
how many elements did aristotle believe the terrestrial sphere to be made up of ?
what does photosynthesis release into the earth 's atmosphere ?
the 1970s allowed which network to move in to first place in the ratings ?
the majority of building construction jobs are what ?
how long were the fighters of the warsaw ghetto uprising able to hold out ?
which mvp died in 2001 ?
what mongolian system did kublai 's government compromise with ?
since nasa did n't know how many attempts each test would end up requiring , what did they use instead of numbers for the trials ?
how far from warsaw does the vistula river 's environment change noticeably ?
what does civil disobedience protest against ?
when did he talk about his beliefs in an interview ?
where are health and social problems most common ?
the v & a has its origins in which world exposition ?
what is the metric term less used than the newton ?
what did shrewsbury note about the plague ?
who , with jim nantz , was a member of the game 's lead broadcast team ?
what image campaign was the new four-note jingle for abc based around ?
where are a bulk of factories concentrated along the rhine ?
what is the largest medical school in poland ?
what is another name for an immune system 's improved response ?
who kicked ethelred out ?
what was the ratio of men to women at harvard/radcliffe ?
what was the programming philosophy pioneered by abc and goldenson ?
what channel shows repeats of the doctor who shows ?
who did berengaria of navarre marry ?
what was the accepted length of the rhine prior to 1932 ?
what may be named after a biblical figure ?
what is the name of one algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of large numbers ?
who was elected president in november 1960 ?
what is the highest level of the umc ?
this network influenced later models of
what was the italian title of polo 's book ?
how old was elway during his super bowl xxxiii win ?
who dates rocks , precisely , within the stratigraphic section ?
when was there a reduction in the number of scottish mps ?
what does afc stand for ?
how much money is being spent on other super bowl-related events ?
what sacrament accords christians renewed life ?
why did he want to make the language accessible to people ?
according to certain geographical theories what type of human does a tropical climate produce ?
what does the premier of victoria need to lead in the legislative assembly ?
in what area did the 1996 television film premier ?
what acquired condition results in immunodeficiency in humans ?
what is another piece created by olivier messiaen ?
the umc understands itself to be part of what church ?
how many awards has doctor who won ?
when did england formally declare war on france ?
who were the semuren ?
what was ban ki-moon the secretary general of ?
where do ctenophora live ?
who did philip i want to marry ?
when is the funfair held in newcastle ?
where did dinophysis get its chloroplasts from ?
reduction essentially takes one problem and converts into what ?
what award was michelle gomez nominated for ?
what do some theories claim about civil disobedience ?
what new medical drama helped abc jump to second place in the ratings during the 2004-2005 season ?
what underground railways cover much of tyne and wear ?
what do capitalist firms substitute equipment for in a marxian analysis ?
as a norm , what day of the week is the traditional media day held prior to a super bowl ?
in what language did espn deportes broadcast the game ?
when was the cabinet-level energy department created ?
where was the kievian force that confronted subutai 's army defeated in 1223 ?
what is distribution of income from labor due to the differences of ?
which committee has the exclusive power to set pastors ' salaries ?
what is an example of major civil disobedience in south africa ?
which state route has been in discussion to upgrade to interstate standards ?
who played doctor who in the revival series ?
what is the theory that this king 's name is the origin of " huguenot " called ?
who else observed that luther view of souls was different form later views ?
what did luther gradually see as hopeless in the reformation ?
what is secreted by the respiratory tract to trap microorganisms ?
what abc station in south bend , indiana maintains digital simulcasts on a subchannel ?
which is older the british empire or the ethiopian empire ?
what country showed all three episodes of silver nemesis before the bbc did ?
what were the two main theories of immunity at the end of the 19th century ?
from what military branch did mueller recruit managers from ?
when did income inequality begin to increase in the us ?
the v & a owns the largest collection of which period in sculptural art history ?
how many rooms does the warsaw historical museum have ?
what was tesla 's position at the budapest telephone exchange ?
how many frenchman won battle of carillon ?
what did edison offer tesla after completing the project ?
how many yards did the carolina panthers gain in the 487 in the nfc championship game ?
what did the analysis from the sediment deposits indicate ?
when did riots cause the expulsion of jews from several german states ?
who deployed its army into afghanistan in 1979 ?
who was the final prime minister of east germany ?
what did luther form in 1525 to 1529 ?
what leads to lower income inequality ?
when was al-nimeiry overthrown ?
what organization did general gaafar al-nimeiry invite members of to serve in his government ?
for what purpose is oxygen used by animal life ?
what nuclear forces only act at short distances ?
what does the presiding officer try to achieve a balance of between speakers ?
when did dfds terminate its services to norway ?
what was the average cost for a 30 second commercial during super bowl 50 ?
where did he claim he would transport energy to ?
who owns more wealth than the bottom 90 percent of people in the u.s. ?
what theorem was implicated by manuel blum 's axioms ?
what injury did manning suffer the summer before the season started ?
what year were the first doctor who stories available on cd ?
what other projectiles did tesla compare the electric particles to ?
if an extraordinary election is held within less than six months before the date of an ordinary election , what does it do to the ordinary election ?
what types of health outcomes do pharmacists aim for with their patients ?
what version of windows supported the cbs sports app ?
what are the three main sources of european union law ?
in antigone , who was the target of civil disobedience ?
what do forces have with regard to additive quantities ?
who invented the first nuclear reactor ?
what force acted on bodies to retard their velocity ?
living from 973–1048 ce he was one of the earliest persian geologists , what was his name ?
whic carolina panthers running back was waived ?
where did these uprisings take place ?
what type of text is the quran ?
given the strength of french forces at louisbourg , what did loudoun do ?
what is the example of another problem characterized by large instances that is routinely solved by sat handlers employing efficient algorithms ?
what is the chloroplast double membrane sometimes compared to ?
why were the 2011 special reports issued ?
how much of the lake connecting with the rhine can you see from the german islands ?
many organizations have recently called for broader acceptance of which community ?
by what century did researchers see that they could liquefy air ?
what are the three most abundent elements of the universe by mass ?
how many total yards did the panthers have in the nfc championship ?
who 's satellites would the new free-to-air channels be broadcast from ?
who was the head of the company ?
which middle eastern nation in particular views genghis khan as a contemptible perpetrator of genocide ?
what band is often regarded as the first folk metal group ?
which is the largest city not connected to an interstate highway ?
what are cancerous tumors of the skin known as ?
what is restrained with a lever in the top of a boiler ?
what paved the way for the augsburg confession ?
how many farms are there in victoria ?
since 2005 , what is the gender of doctor who 's primary traveling companion ?
who was the deputy administrator of nasa in 1960 ?
when did gerhard lessing reach his conclusions about luther ?
where do scientists think all of the plagues originated from ?
who was first appointed at the anchor of 20/20 ?
which company provides train service in fresno ?
by the late 19th century , which country had the largest empire ever to exist in the world ?
who is an example of a sedentary people who were not favored by the laws of the mongol empire ?
what was goldenson 's 1991 book about abc titled ?
where did he begin teaching ?
what does the current high level of population have a large impact on ?
who wrote that it is difficult to produce an all inclusive definition of civil disobedience ?
what kind of structure is a carboxysome ?
what types of pumps are typically used in industrial boilers ?
before he died , what did tesla 's father ask him to do ?
when did mongke khan become great khan ?
what is the name of the gallery devoted to chinese art ?
what did luther fear to cause him to avoid marriage ?
how many guests attended the dinner celebrating the opening of the grainger market ?
what previous work did lavoisier experiments discredit ?
what does the minister who was the catalyst of the members business do by speaking after everyone else ?
what was the theme of super bowl 50 ?
what are phytoplankton ?
where is peridinin found ?
who appointed samuel phillips to man the tiger team to find answers ?
how did luther want people to bring about change ?
who is the founder of modern community organizing ?
what did mongolian president tsakhiagian elbegdorj note was significantly punished by genghis khan 's laws ?
would word means burn in the anglo-saxon language ?
what was the name of the tangut capital ?
in what borough of new york city is abc headquartered ?
what is the greatest number of members a board of trustees can have ?
what does the sieve of eratosthenes do ?
what percentage of the u.s. population self-identify with umc ?
in what year did richard trevithick patent his device ?
what percentage of global assets does the richest 1 % of people have ?
what declaration predicated the emigration of huguenot refugees ?
what did microsoft announce that it would rename sky drive to ?
what ethnicity was shi tianze ?
who lost to the broncos in the divisional round ?
the " 50 " given to the super bowl winner is plated with how many karats of gold ?
what system was adopted for education ?
what country did abc expand in to in the mid-1960s ?
what does the first company law directive article 11 require ?
when did espn take over responsibility for abc 's sports division ?
what is usual form of oxygen bound compounds ?
what type of valve is used by recent safety valves ?
dendritic cells present antigens to what cells of the adaptive nervous system ?
what are some chlorophyta and euglenid chloroplasts missing ?
what river is near genghis khan 's likely place of burial ?
how far from state house in downtown boston is harvard yard ?
what did the popularity of luther 's translation contribute to ?
what did the government and civil society organisations start after the riots ?
along with public schools , what type of school was recognized under the south african schools act ?
what team was the nfc champion ?
what is almost identical across all nations and jurisdictions ?
what do chloroplasts in mesophyll cells specialized use to make atp ?
what is the largest abc station operator in terms of market reach ?
what is cpdna 's replication similar to ?
what is needed to pack electrons densely together ?
a complete loss of rainforest cover may be caused by what type of emissions ?
what was the first super bowl that the carolina panthers played in ?
in what year did priestley publish the findings of his experiments ?
who congratulated the snp while vowing to campaign against their referendum ?
what is another term for the string of a problem instance ?
how was the fate of luther decided ?
what changes the mineral content of a rock ?
when did the different colonies come together and form kenya ?
who besides the british colonized africa ?
what was the objective of royal proclamation of 1763 ?
when is the sicilian tristan quilt dated ?
in which article does the treaty of lisbon prohibit anti-competitive agreements ?
who was named the president and ceo of abc after goldenson suffered a heart attack ?
how often does doctor who travel by himself ?
who is the museum named for ?
what was the name of the leader ennobled by henry iii
what was redesigned to allow better maneuverability in the lrv ?
who was the sideline reporter for espn deportes ?
informal imperialism is still dominant ; however , less what ?
how did the 2001 ipcc report compare to reality on sea levels ?
what have the two different islamist movements been described as oscillating between ?
what stretched across middle europe in the last ice age ?
who figured out that his law of gravity had to be universal ?
where did many spanish catholic move after british takeover in florida ?
what are the agents detected by the immune system called ?
how many people were on the project that followed project mercury ?
about how many cubic meters of make-up water is used by a 700-megawatt coal-fired power plant for evaporative cooling hourly ?
what happened to nasa 's budget after the first successful moon landing ?
who was the defensive coordinator for the broncos in 2015 ?
when did hamas drive the plo out of gaza ?
what must the integer m be less than or equal to when performing trial division ?
which fault can produce a magnitude earthquake of 8.0 ?
how many of the mau mau did home gaurd kill ?
what was the name of the 3d system effect in dimension in time ?
when was this naturalization act passed ?
antibody-dependent hypersensitivity belongs to what class of hypersensitivity ?
what amount of time was the longest that tesla spent working without stopping to rest ?
when was his lab destroyed ?
who did the parliament rent additional buildings from ?
what is a common occurrence during summer days ?
who was the creator of nypd blue ?
what do pyrenoids look like ?
what is one of the largest music schools in europe ?
what do some believe about this pronunciation ?
who conducted this survey ?
the papers of which famous english victorian author are collected in the library ?
what did luther deny the rebels ?
where was new year 's rockin ' eve hosted ?
what is n't economic growth sufficient for progress on ?
stable and radioactive isotope studies provide insight into what ?
who was the associate administrator that houbolt spoke with ?
an illustrated , paraphrased version of this appeared when ?
what year did thompsons indicate mt kenya ?
when did the theater in newcastle originally open ?
what are los angeles , orange , san diego , san bernardino and riverside ?
who would the occupation alienate ?
what is an example of a problem that rests within the np complexity class ?
who actually won the prize ?
when did tesla make the induction motor ?
what else was used by pharmas ?
what un organizations established the ipcc ?
what replaced the sky+box ?
with whom are teachers required to register ?
who is elected at the beginning of each term ?
what are the two abc affiliates for tampa , florida ?
in what year did the apollo 1 cabin fire occur ?
what production company pitched the untouchables to cbs in 1958 ?
which territory did jochi try to protect that may have led to a dispute with his brothers ?
the procedure continues until what ?
what tribes were the romans fearful would invade from the north ?
who did webb recruit for better project management ?
where might committees meet outside of parliament ?
when was the debut of the 1983 special called the five doctors ?
what platform caused bskyb to end their analogue service ?
how quick was the effect of luther 's preaching ?
where might a teacher teach that is not inside a building ?
how did the plague infiltrate alexandria ?
what is the un 's climate change treaty ?
how are packets normally forwarded
how many forced fumbles did von miller have during the super bowl 50 game ?
newborns are vulnerable to infection because they have no previous exposure to what ?
what is the dialect of newcastle known as ?
_____ helps the biospher from uv .
what occurs when electron clouds overlap from different atoms ?
what religion did the yuan discourage , to support buddhism ?
what side effect of these type of protests is unfortunate ?
where is the aboral organ located ?
what was dificult to reconcile the photoelectric effect and the missing ultraviolet catastrophe ?
what was warner sinback
what type of festival is the northern rock cyclone ?
which countries became dependent on us 's security assurance to threats ?
what can a teacher use to help students learn ?
what microsoft ceo is also an alumni of the university of chicago ?
no appointment is official fixed until what occurs ?
why did vision 2030 add the nccap ?
what answer denotes that an algorithm has accepted an input string ?
when did the british defeat new france ?
what did genghis khan expect from his generals alongside the autonomy he granted them ?
what decreased in number between 1984 and 1991 ?
what was the name of the single that coldplay and beyoncé collaborated on ?
what had luther 's community done to jews years earlier ?
how did the bbc get audio versions of the lost episodes ?
where is bielany forest located ?
what is the name of the stadium where super bowl 50 was played ?
what country initially received the largest number of huguenot refugees ?
where is the mouth located on the pleuobrachia located ?
who was assigned to design a second master plan ?
how old most a person be to apply to be an msp ?
the hungarians performed this civil disobedience under the direction of what person ?
who often plays the fourth doctor in comedy parodies ?
what molecule does the sun have in higher proportion than earth ?
who was westinghouse 's chief rival ?
in which year did the v & a theatre & performance galleries open ?
stephen eildmann cites the oldest known example of civil disobedience in what part of the bible ?
who created the theme used in 1986 ?
where is the highest point of the rhine basin ?
who hired tesla in 1888 ?
when the rhine emerges from lake constance which way does it flow ?
what measurement do scientists used to determine the quality of water ?
in what year did tesla demonstrate his alternating current system ?
what was the value of the john jones collection when it was left to the museum ?
what was warsaw 's old town listed as in 1980 ?
brownlee argues that sometimes people behave in what way to have their issue heard ?
where do chloroplasts make amino acids ?
what day was super bowl 50 media day switched to ?
what comedy for abc ended its broadcast run in 1986 ?
what did melanchthon call the marriage ?
xenoliths are picked up by what and deposited into the matrix of igneous rocks ?
between 1978 an d2008 four year full time undergraduate students were required to complete how many classes outside of their concentration ?
how many legions in five bases were along the rhine by the romans ?
when were joseph schumpeter and norman angell at their most prolific writing period ?
what did luther expound happened to souls after death ?
where did kublai extend the grand canal to ?
what is the only form potential energy can change into ?
in what year did the tenth doctor appear in the sarah jane series ?
how long may the amazon rainforest be threatened , according to some computer models ?
what do conquering people pass down to native populations ?
what was the proposed solution to jacksonville 's tax issues ?
who lives no longer on average than greeks and new zealanders ?
other than l.a. which other county do many people commute to ?
what does the zachęta national gallery of art organize exhibitions of art from ?
what difficulties was shirly having ?
what is the highest reference hospital in all of poland ?
what site is located in the san francisco bay area ?
along with stephenson and walschaerts , what is an example of a simple motion ?
what gas does the airline exothermic reaction produce ?
where does hamas originate ?
tribal members living in the rainforests of what region are using google earth ?
what is the name of the mystical type of islam ?
when was the national highway designated act signed ?
in 1940 , what percentage of the population in fresno was asian ?
who redesigned the central garden ?
from whom did the huguenots in south carolina purchase land from ?
who argued that the ussr had itself become an imperialist power ?
what caused the us public to condemn the occupation of the philippines ?
which doctors were highlighted on the first audio releases on cd ?
why is breathing oxygen in space craft not dangerous to health ?
in what year will the barack obama presidential center be finished ?
why did temüjin kill those of jamukha 's followers that had betrayed their leader ?
what is the second busiest container port in the united states ?
who is on the ipcc panel ?
what venue did super bowl 50 take place in ?
where did tesla work with edison ?
what was the attack on the british weakness ?
what other business district does orange county envelop outside of downtown santa ana and newport center ?
which artist who had a major influence on the gothic revival is represented in the v & a 's british galleries ?
what success did abercrombie gain out of the defeat at carillon ?
the inside of a ctenophore is lined with what ?
how many divisions make up the academics of the university ?
how many species of trees can be found in the amazon rainforest ?
what is sometimes impossible to model ?
what did luther think of purgatory ?
who were two of kublai 's chinese advisers ?
what would be lower if there were fewer people ?
what percentage of scotland 's voting population failed to actually vote ?
when did the umc 's general board of church and society call on all united methodists to abstain from alcohol for lent ?
for a field f containing 0 and 1 , what would be the prime field ?
what football associated thing started at justin herman plaza in january ?
what was an example of a type of warship that required high speed ?
what is the last name of the player who was manning 's top receiver for super bowl 50 ?
what type of medicine did otachi focus on ?
the largest brand of what store in the uk is located in kingston park ?
what did the king do to regarding huguenot education ?
what is the number of constituency msps ?
what is the nickname for the " millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction " graph ?
tension , compression , and drag are what kind of forces ?
according to oxfam , the 85 richest people have wealth equal to how many average people ?
what country is abc broadcast in , in contrast to disney 's other channels ?
the prospect of what event compelled the protection of german private schools ?
who is the hero who killed a dragon on the drachenfels ?
when is the members debate held ?
what is the derivative of an object 's changing momentum called ?
how many interceptions did manning have at the end of the game ?
what was one of the norman 's major exports ?
according to wilson 's theorem , what factorial must be divisible by n if some integer n > 4 is to be considered composite ?
how much of the water flow does the waal get from the rhine ?
why are coastal species tough ?
how many yards was the mcmanus field goal ?
what does the world 's first museum of posters have one of the largest collections of in the world ?
how many people lived in fresno in 2000 , according to the census bureau ?
how many seats does victoria have in the australian house of representatives ?
what happens to waste heat in the rankine cycle ?
of what is ozone a reactive part of oxygen ?
in modern times , firms may offer themselves as what for a construction project ?
by sunlight , what compound did priestley concentrate on to make the gas he called " dephlogisticated air " ?
what was the target percentage of households bskyb wanted to reach ?
why do some people purposely resist officers of the law ?
approximately how many british oil paintings does the museum have ?
what happened to most of tesla 's work from this time ?
what do the owners of more capital end up having ?
when was operation market garden ?
what was the first television series to feature an openly gay character ?
what session is the scottish parliament in ?
what party is strongest in melbourne 's affluent areas ?
how many ways are available to help reduce the stress of teaching ?
what was warsaw 's population in 1901 ?
what language does " hoy " originate from ?
what south korean car manufacturer purchased the factor in 1995 ?
what responsibilities were pharmacy technicians formerly limited to ?
along with solar , coal and nuclear , what sort of plants notable use the rankine process ?
what is the high end of the temperature range in winter ?
where does the rhine empty ?
the roots miniseries was based on a novel by what author ?
what conflicts did the ozone mitigation reduce ?
what is the name of the border to the south ?
what did jews refuse to accept that caused luther to call them blasphemers and liars ?
what is set aside for question periods in the debating chamber ?
how many years was john fox the head coach of the denver broncos ?
what is the name of newcastle 's first full-time community radio station ?
when did tamara marry a lawyer ?
evolution of what part of the immune system occurred in the evolutionary ancestor of jawed vertebrates ?
what has replaced lower skilled workers in the united states ?
what did s & p recommend to somewhat remedy the wealth gap ?
what colors was the 2001 abc logo ?
what publication did philip howard work for ?
how many lines run out of downtown los angeles ?
what is the name of the alphabet is most commonly used in a problem instance ?
where was friedrich ratzel born ?
a rug by which russian-born british designer is included in the v & a collection ?
what are the biggest game animals of kenya called ?
who lead the school back to leading research institution in 2oth century ?
why was tetzel seeking money in germany ?
what is the legislature of the european union comprised of ?
how significant was the transfer of disease through fleas ?
what church is organized into conferences ?
what instrument is used to examine steam engine performance ?
the european court of justice can not uphold measures that are incompatible with what ?
what victory at thwarted efforts of french relief ships .
what month and day did kennedy message his vice president about the status of the program ?
what do radical islamist organizations reject entirely ?
where did apollo 1 's crew conduct tests at kennedy space center ?
which doctor who-related song reached number one in the uk ?
who is welsh medium education available to ?
what network approached walt disney about producing color broadcasts of his anthology series ?
what were the two huguenot neighborhoods created in berlin ?
why do some people chose to go to jail for their disobedience ?
what is the oldest exhibition site in warsaw ?
why did french feel they had right to ohio claim ?
what organization is devoted to jihad against israel ?
if a and q are coprime , which theorem holds that an arithmetic progression has an infinite number of primes ?
what did tesla first receive after starting his company ?
before dinner what were tesla 's working hours ?
what title was the social charter set to be included into the maastricht treaty under ?
trial division involves dividing n by every integer m greater than what ?
for many years , what was the brotherhood described as ?
what us war caused a high amount of civil disobedience ?
who called for an agency to be created to be solely focused at undermining the islamism ideology ?
what was the first spacecraft to orbit another celestial body ?
persistent unemployment has what effect on long-term economic growth ?
what is the population of the inner mongolia region of china ?
petrologists identify rock samples in the field and where else ?
what was the reason the italian constitutional court gave that resulted in mr. costa losing his his claim against enel ?
what is the name of the supposition that any number larger than 2 can be represented as the sum of two primes ?
what is the mongolian name of the first mongolian laws codified in writing ?
what is pedanius dioscorides known for ?
what was the largest pottery company in the world in 1817 ?
which hotel did the panthers stay at for the super bowl ?
what do professional athletes seek to boost from breathing oxygen ?
what was newcastlegateshead voted in 2006 ?
who was the leader who established the colony at florida ?
how many panthers players were chosen for the 2015 season 's pro bowl ?
what do oxygen tanks , cryogenics , and chemical compounds serve as for oxygen ?
were tesla 's experiments high-voltage or low-voltage ?
who leads the student government ?
governon robert dinwiddie had an investment in what significan company ?
if q=9 and a=1,2,4,5,7 , or 8 , how many primes would be in a progression ?
what word is the word pharmacy taken from ?
what is the term for the highest living saint ?
what does the discovery museum draw attention to ?
what is the process in which neutrophils move towards the site of inflammation called ?
in a platoon style teaching , what gives the children security ?
why was the rhine regulated ?
what kind of influence does the gulf stream exert on newcastle ?
what is inequality associated with higher levels of ?
when did oxygen begin to move from the oceans to the atmosphere ?
what did the salafi movement put emphasis on ?
what was the first lutheran hymnal ?
how did king louis xv respond to british plans ?
what dutch document condemned the spanish inquisition ?
which basin does the dust falls over into ?
what does the word rheinrinne translate to ?
recent studies believe that ctenophores are the sister lineage to what ?
when was the last episode of the original series ?
what does stong force act upon ?
how did turabi build a strong economic base ?
when were the normans in normandy ?
how many areas were impacted by the the death of vegetation in the 2010 drought ?
which articles state that the member states ' rights to deliver public services may not be obstructed ?
in what year did developers billings & meyering acquire the alta vista tract ?
what is the approximate turbine entry temperature of a gas turbine ?
what did the the europeans think the peoples in the tropics were in need of ?
when was the mausoleum returned to the lord 's enclosure in mongolia ?
what halftime performer previously headlined super bowl xlvii ?
where is harvard stadium located ?
when were images being used to promote the spread of lutheranism ?
when can oxygen gas produce a toxic condition ?
what two resources commonly consumed by alternate models are typically known to vary ?
in the case geven v land nordrhein-westfalen , how many hours was the dutch woman in question working in germany ?
in what year was henry ware elected to chair ?
where has there been very well-known cases of teacher misconduct ?
an adobe that provides less utility to one person than another is an example of reduced what ?
during which season did abc first take the lead spot in television rating ?
when did arpnet and sita become operational
who was sacked as the first half clock expired ?
who oversees a pharmacy technician in the uk ?
turing machines are commonly employed to define what ?
what country has such unmanageable students that many teachers do not discipline them ?
who is newcastle 's primary bus operator in the city proper ?
who is the english translator of this hymn ?
which team in super bowl 50 had a 15-1 record ?
what two member nations of the holy roman empire received huguenot refugees ?
along with road vehicles , locomotives and ships , on what vehicles were steam engines used during the industrial revolution ?
where is the metrocentre located ?
how are existing teachers and non-teachers vetted ?
what does southern california have a reputation for ?
how many households had bskyb service in 1994 ?
where was a beer , wine and food festival held at prior to the super bowl ?
besides fats , fatty acids , and amino acids , what other organic compounds contain oxygen ?
thoreau mentions what type of person could corrupt a government system ?
when were the french wars of religion ?
what film did lionsgate pay to have the trailer aired during the super bowl ?
in what year did abc resume its television relationship with disney ?
what body part did thomas davis break during the nfc championship game ?
what scientific field 's theory has received contributions from the steam engine ?
who was shi tianze 's father ?
what is the longest time that a teaching certificate is good for ?
what is one issue that adds to the complexity of a pharmacist 's job ?
which fresno district is the center for the lgbt community ?
what forced the cancellations of three future landings ?
why do stromules exist ?
what church money collector said that the sould would spring from purgatory through monetary donations ?
where have the first episodes of doctor who always appeared ?
what is the force between two locations related to ?
how many museums are in warsaw ?
which tv network broadcasted super bowl 50 in spanish ?
what association did tesla demonstrate his radio wave theories to ?
what pushed up the pyrenees ?
what does connection orientation require
what is the name of the current king of thebes in the play ?
colonialism as a policy is caused by financial and what other reasons ?
where did jochi remain after genghis khan sent for his sons in the spring of 1223 ?
a formal design team may be assembled to do what ?
what secret did he sever family ties to keep hidden ?
what type of destination is the area around grey 's monument ?
what percentage of filipino primary school students are in private schools ?
what does the tardis look like ?
in what year was the charter granted for harvard corporation ?
what are examples of the various religions of mongol tribes ?
some of the combs in the v & a collection of south east asian art is made of what material ?
who introduced plague to europe ?
some have generalized the meaning of the word imperialism down to general-purpose what ?
what does ac stand for ?
what is an example of a problem to which effective algorithms have provided a solution in spite of the intractability associated with the breadth of sizes ?
which super bowl did roger goodell speak about ?
in schools using popularly based authority , what is public order like ?
what resource was mined in the newcastle area ?
how often do trains journey to king 's cross ?
what is european union law ?
what alternate payment did edison offer tesla ?
what lead to the uk to subscribe to the agreement on social policy ?
what are new responsibilities pharmacy technicians now deal with ?
2011-12 saw abc drop to 4th in ratings among what important demographic ?
who created the nation 's first aviation community ?
inspired by shelley what was the name of gandhi 's doctrine ?
there were many chinese with what unexpected status ?
what type of space in warsaw are the botanic garden and university library garden ?
what prompted shen kuo to believe the land was formed by erosion of the mountains ?
how do co-teachers work with each other to fulfill the needs of students ?
where was a lab for tesla set up ?
how did the huguenots defend themselves ?
when was iqbal elected president of the muslim league ?
what do lobates feed on ?
who succeeded dick clark on abc 's new year 's broadcasts ?
how much of gdp does manufactoriing account for ?
in what year was the interstate highway system created ?
the beginnings of digital television allowed what affiliate in wheeling , west virginia to begin airing abc programs digitally ?
who do priesthood representatives defer to , at times ?
what is creon trying to stop antigone from doing in the play ?
by which year did full sized american cars shrink to be smaller ?
where does the rhine encounter it 's tributary the neckar ?
what did baran develop during research at rand
when an activated killer t cell finds cells where the mhc 1 receptor has specific antigens , it releases cytotoxins such as what ?
how are incomes distributed in sweden ?
what entity was rumored to be sold by abc in between may and september 2005 ?
what is the full name of the aser ?
how many 2015 season interceptions did the panthers ' defense get ?
who did john elway play for in super bowl xxxiii ?
in which case were french vigilantes sabotaging shipments of spanish strawberries ?
students show more interest in classes taught by what type of teachers ?
what crew sent the first ever live images of the earth and moon to earth ?
what percentage of the population of warsaw was jewish in 1897 ?
what team had the lowest downs and yards ever in the super bowl as of super bowl 50 ?
what type of heritage does tyneside have ?
how many dairy cows are there in australia ?
which department houses the works on paper of the costume collection ?
which denver player took the ball to the panthers 14 yard line ?
in what town did bill aiken grow up ?
who was nasa 's administrator ?
what is wasted by rubisco 's flaw ?
how much british military was in north america at start of war ?
where was marin 's second fort constructed ?
what third type of plea uses creative words ?
what sort of waves did he claim to observe ?
roughly , how much oxygen makes up the earth crust ?
how many of the survey respondents considered doctor who very unsuitable for family viewing ?
even in large firms , architects , interior designers , engineers , developers , construction managers , and general contractors were more likely to be what ?
during what type of climate is oxygen 18 in seawater at higher levels ?
what was the wedding date ?
what was the name of the telegraph company tesla returned to after it became functional ?
what is the mlolongo system ?
what was the song dynasty 's capital ?
most of the productions in the tgif lineup were produced by what production company ?
in what year did luther get his degree ?
of what did da vinci think a part was consumed during combustion ?
what present-day company did bankamericard turn into ?
what does 'pax mongolica ' mean ?
where did the family move in 1862 ?
what is another name for state route 168 ?
what did tesla do at his old school in 1879 ?
what was the total number of homes sky announced that had sky+hd in march of 2012 ?
what did the astronauts on the moon send back to earth live via signals ?
friedrich ratzel thought what was needed for a state to survive ?
what dilemma is a good example of moral civil disobedience ?
for how long did tesla receive this compensation ?
the amazon rainforest makes up what amount of earth 's rainforests ?
milutin tesla died at what age ?
what astronomer worked for kublai ?
what native chief travelled to french fort and threatened marin ?
which fantasy books have references to doctor who ?
who were the westwood one sideline announcers ?
what objects in organisms absorb singlet oxygen to prevent harm ?
in what year was nikola tesla born ?
how many sacks did derek wolfe register ?
who was a prominent huguenot in holland ?
what two areas in the republic were first to grant rights to the huguenots ?
why did cbs turn down the pitch for the untouchables ?
what was the goal of the grand coalition ?
what type of tunnels are constructed through newcastle 's city center ?
which gas makes up 20.8 % of the earth 's atmosphere ?
what two radio networks did rca own ?
the aim of the french competition law was to do what ?
who was the university 's 5th president ?
what did he believe the ether did ?
according to tesla what had been gone over by the thieves , or spies who entered his room ?
what way do some people perform civil disobedience in a constructive way ?
the success of pathogens is predicated on their ability to do what ?
what system has an impact on income inequality ?
where was victoria first set to be located in australia ?
how successful was initial effort by braddock ?
what was disney-abc international television previously known as ?
from which period did the objects in the soulages collection come from ?
how is luther commemorated on the lutheran , episcopal , and church of england calendars ?
what is the name of the area past the border that the megaregion extends into ?
the rhine and what other river were accepted as the germanic frontier ?
what is the estimated death toll for polish civilians ?
where was his unfinished project called ?
approximately how many images were digitized during the first year of the digitization project ?
$ 500 million was supplied for the capital city - abc merger by what investor ?
besides cultural events , what other tourist attraction does victoria have ?
what an the freeman of newcastle do with their cows on the town moor ?
what shape is chlamydomonas 's chloroplasts ?
how many pieces of legislation has the social charter become the basis for ?
what did the ipcc apologize for ?
what did luther do during lent at this time ?
how many photosynthetic carotenoids are there ?
what part of chloroplasts is n't similar to mitochondria ?
what is another term used for year 13 ?
what does colonia agrippina 's original name translate into ?
what does the fogg museum of art cover ?
what percentage of electricity was made by steam turbine in the 1990s ?
in what year did the norman 's invade at bannow bay ?
some elements of the brotherhood directed what action against the government ?
how did natives in logstown take celeron 's information ?
what condition what must be satisfied in order for 1/p to be expressed in base q instead of base 10 and still have a period of p - 1 ?
what did dfds cite as the reasons it terminated operations ?
what is structural geology ?
how many people were lost in algiers during 1620-21 ?
what event is held at bells beach in victoria ?
what are the secondary sources of primary law ?
what type of person can not be attributed civil disobedience ?
what is the basic unit of territorial division in poland ?
what is the area called where one plate subducts under another ?
salafism posits that democracy is responsible for what type of horrible events of the 20th century ?
what are the first buildings the university built knows as today ?
why did harvard end its early admission program ?
where is the comparison found of this lord 's prayer hymn ?
the wjz callsign would then be assigned to an abc affiliate in what city in 1959 ?
what philosophy of thought addresses wealth inequality ?
what university alumni member was known for his work on portfolio theory ?
who produced the comedy-drama the love boat ?
what was abc 's revenue in 1962 ?
outside of its use of automobiles , what else is southern california famous for using ?
what other european protestant leader was educated at the university of paris ?
what did luther try to avoid in setting up his church ?
what policy gave britain dominance in world trade ?
what is one way to use pure speech to reach as much people as possible to protest ?
what did johann eck call luther ?
what was the bubonic plague mechanism reliant on ?
who issued the royal proclamation of 1763 ?
in what state were the original launching facilities for missions ?
when was the second oil crisis ?
what type of approaches for primary school are available that are different than the norm ?
in what episode is it brought up that the first doctor might not actually be the first doctor ?
which team held the scoring lead throughout the entire game ?
what type of civil disobedience is accompanied by aggression ?
what type of turing machine is capable of multiple actions and extends into a variety of computational paths ?
which famous dutch artist who painted the night watch is represented in the drawings collection of the v & a ?
who was ogedei 's wife ?
what provides a solution to a list of integers provided as input that ned to be sorted ?
what major event u.s. occurred that made the bbc delay the broadcast ?
where does centripetal force go ?
how many touchdowns did ronnie hillman make ?
what is the festival of food and drink known as ?
who is seen as the ultimate climate change authority ?
what unit is measured to determine circuit complexity ?
why might a physician diagnose a large number of conditions ?
how did mongol armies lure enemy groups out of their defensive positions ?
what year did bskyb and virgin media have a dispute over the carriage of sky channels on cable tv ?
what do some encrypted broadcasts require to view ?
how many points did the panthers defense surrender ?
how else might a physician take advantage of self-interest ?
who thought that the yuan 's social class system should n't be called social classes ?
what do msps who are not in the chamber when the division bell rings return to do ?
what is often misunderstood as the cause of matter rigidity ?
who originally led the space task group ?
what are two types of phagocytes that travel through the body to find invading pathogens ?
approximately how many textiles comprise the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art ?
what organization 's teaching did luther reject ?
members of which organizations are disqualified from sitting in the sp as elected msps ?
what was published in february of 2007 ?
along with english and mathematics , what subject replaced values education for fourth year students ?
what books did bayle publish ?
when did the chinese famine begin ?
granite is made up largely of what chemical compound ?
where is the oldest known rock in the world located ?
there are two of what type of institution in newcastle ?
what do you get when you figure the sum of forces with vector addition ?
what type of theater do the neighborhoods feature ?
how much food does a ctenophora eat in a day ?
what did he do to his feet at night ?
when did colonial governors meet with general edward braddock about attack on the french ?
when was the latin version of the word norman first recorded ?
what happens secondly if a directive 's deadline is not met ?
what proposed attacks did shirley plan ?
what do germans call private schools ?
the kuznets curve says with economic development , inequality will decrease after what ?
of what form are rational primes ?
what kicker was successful on a 33-yard field goal ?
what year was the decision made to cancel apollo missions 18 and 19 ?
what is the expression used to represent a complexity class of counting problems ?
what is the bend of rhine in basel called ?
which name is also used to describe the amazon rainforest in english ?
in the determination of complexity classes , what are two examples of types of turing machines ?
what is the final stage of a bill in the scottish parliament ?
browlee also applies that civil disobedience is okay regarding ?
which us president visited jacksonville in 1888 ?
what app did viewers use to watch the game on their smartphones ?
whatare the electrostatic and magnetic force awritten as the sum of ?
what town in upstate new york was settled by huguenots ?
what are other alternative names for french and indian war ?
in what year did the serial format change for the doctor who series ?
what sometimes follows moving chloroplasts ?
in may 2002 , where would you go to address the parliament ?
what was his belief as to what nature was supposed to be ?
how many games did the broncos lose during their regular 2015 season ?
when did the rivalry between westinghouse and edison reach its peak ?
what type of living does cycling promote ?
what year did börte 's give birth to jochi ?
what program was created to carry out these projects and missions ?
in which year did the gallery devoted to chinese art open ?
which party is currently the largest among political party lines ?
what fortification was built in the 19th century after the defeat of the november uprising ?
what is the name of the bungie inc. founder who is also a university graduate ?
who were otachi ?
who returned a punt for 61 yards , setting a new super bowl record ?
how many yards did jordan norwood return a punt to set the super bowl record ?
what music did the fourth soundtrack feature ?
what did tesla write ?
how many people could the mercury capsule hold ?
what is one variable on which the running time may be contingent ?
who received the first steam engine patent ?
who designed the golf course located at the sunnyside country club ?
who conducted the 2011 online vote ?
what charter has become an important aspect of eu law ?
what substance is used to make high quality liquid o2 ?
what is grown in the fertile highlands ?
who did luther strike out against in later years ?
what was manning 's passer rating for the 2015 season ?
what report had the correct date ?
why did tesla avoid by fleeing smiljan ?
stromatoveris is similair to which genus ?
what is the average weight of the biomass per hectare in the amazon ?
what year did abc 's " tgif " end ?
what show is considered the best drama that the bbc has ever produced ?
what was kublai khan 's relation to genghis khan ?
what is the force between nucleons ?
how much can ctenophores eat in one day ?
what signer of the articles of confederation was descended from huguenots ?
how many people were in british north american colonies ?
what does abc on demand disallow for online viewers ?
what industry did the nobleman establish with this settlement ?
what chinese system did kublai 's government compromise with ?
how many people belong to the university 's board of trustees ?
how many public charter schools does the university run ?
in what city 's marriott did the broncos stay ?
which actions by eu institutions can be subject to judicial review ?
what event was the worst example of huguenot persecution ?
what type of outlook do some of the muslims in london have ?
to what is singlet oxygen more reactive ?
what topic do private bills typically have ?
who were the espn deportes commentators for super bowl 50 ?
how much did capital cities communications purchase abc and its properties for ?
when did tesla give a demonstration of his remote control boat ?
what does the immune system protect against ?
what types of work did the han do in central asia ?
why did he walk ?
in 1500 ad how many people were believed to have lived in the amazon region ?
what is the low-power station that serves birmingham , alabama for abc ?
how many americans are richer than more than half of all citizens ?
what is another name for exoteric ?
what is it called when steam propels a turbo generator with electric motor propulsion ?
when did tesla come to the us ?
what is the speed limit set to reduce consumption ?
who wrote the book " capital in the twenty-first century " ?
what did higher material living standards lead to for most of human history ?
what was the name of the 2010 christmas special ?
where does the rhine river 's measurement begin ?
who was richard 's fiancee ?
in the most common construction procurement , who acts as the project coordinator ?
when was the basis for the social chapter developed ?
how many plays was denver kept out of the end zone after getting the ball from newton ?
what is being overhauled as part of the improvement works ?
what organization is john schmitt and ben zipperer members of ?
what concept was developed by baran while researching at rand
when did warsaw become the center of the congress poland ?
who is the president of egypt ?
what did tesla attribute skin damage to ?
who shared sideline duties with evan washburn ?
how many huguenots were killed in toulouse ?
what is a trait of sequential hermaphrodites ?
how many ways did luther justify his opposition to revolt ?
what function is used by algorithms to define measurements like time or space ?
what did luther think was required to stop the violence ?
how are packets normally forwarded
what was part of the aftermath of the elections in 2007 ?
where was an elected assembly to be set up , under the terms of the scotland act of 1978 ?
who went to wittenberg to hear luther speak ?
what would the latter apollo missions carry to the moon to increase exploration ?
what was the number of customers that the bbc reported had yet to receive the service due to failed deliveries ?
how many natural reserves are in warsaw ?
when did tesla make these claims ?
what decade marked abc 's transition to color programming ?
after 1935 , who would be forbidden to enter rhineland ?
where is english spoken the most ?
who may introduce new laws or amendments to laws already on the books as a bill ?
what was the dominant housing template when industrial centres were growing the fastest ?
how is newport 's airport connected to the city ?
when was an extended episode of doctor who shown ?
what is another name for teaching within the family ?
what was the most important governmental change to land tenure ?
who was the most frequent musical contributor to doctor who in the first 15 years of the show ?
what was the first building erected that still forms part of the museum ?
what is the problem with cysteine ?
what is preschool required for ?
what is another term for x-ray imaging ?
the steps around the water feature can be drained for what uses ?
what are two examples of different types of reduction ?
what was diverted and now flows parallel to the rhine ?
who is the sole governing authority capable of initiating legislative proposals ?
according to lenin why must capitalistic countries have an imperialistic policy ?
in lands attributed to what tribe are found remains of large settlements ?
who was the main crew of apollo 1 , of which they named themselves ?
what remote control vehicle did he make ?
whose former headquarters was the wse located in until 2000 ?
what did watt add to newcomen 's engine between 1763 and 1775 ?
where was super bowl 50 held ?
in which year did john forster bequeathed his large collection of books to the museum ?
what type of homes is fresno known for ?
what chinese era name did kublai adopt ?
how many soldiers were in each tumen ?
in modern times , what is said about civil disobedience ?
what is tesla 's home country ?
compared to the rest of florida , how does jacksonville 's filipino population rank ?
what team did the panthers defeat ?
what measurement of time is used in polynomial time reduction ?
besides the analytic property of numbers , what other property of numbers does number theory focus on ?
what does vbns stand for
which part of the immune system protects the brain ?
who presented the edict of worms declaring luther to be an outlaw ?
what is the english translation of kunskapsskolan ?
which british sculptor and a leading member of the new sculpture movement is represented in the the v & a collection ?
focus on what is to ameliorate the many problems that arise from the often highly competitive and adversarial practices within the construction industry .
previous to isotopic dating sections of rocks had to be dated using fossils and stratigraphic correlation relative to what ?
what position did mark woods take on at the new american broadcasting company ?
what spinoff of happy days debuted in 1976 ?
in a market economy , what is inequality a reflection of ?
who sang the national anthem ?
what story has little foundation in truth ?
new broadcast regulations from the fcc in 1968 allowed companies to own a maximum of how many radio stations ?
what two scientists were proponents of the humoral theory of immunity ?
who took control of qara khitai after fleeing temüjin 's mongol empire ?
how many companies were registered in warsaw in 2006 ?
what british cultural trend during the georgian is linked to design during the same period ?
a doctor who show featuring vincent van gogh was recognized by what award ?
who took isaacs place as provost in 2016 ?
how much is terra preta distributed over the amazon forest ?
what did itv increase their yearly offer for control of the rights to broadcast the primer league to ?
when were the finalists announced ?
how many central conferences are outside of the united states ?
who is responsible for operating the electronic voting equipment and chamber clocks ?
with what word was tesla 's sociability described ?
when did tesla depart from colorado springs ?
what is the typical working fluid in a steam engine ?
when could v & a dundee ?
when was qutb executed ?
what are examples of economic actors ?
what culture did the normans combine with in ireland ?
who handled the play-by-play for wbt ?
how many types of science fiction have been impacted by tesla ?
what do scholars agree on about the posting on the door story ?
finding what helps to determine if a fault is a normal fault or a thrust fault ?
what was old briton 's response to celeron ?
when did li tan lead a revolt ?
what did luther call the consecrated bread and wine ?
what have the dinophysis chloroplasts lost ?
what are the three sources of european union law ?
in the us , who decides on the requirements for teachers ?
in 1962 , who was responsible for the authorship of a paper published on real time-computations ?
what year is the earliest traces of the color crimson at harvard ?
what is the original meaning of the word norman ?
who did alexander i marry ?
intractable problems lacking polynomial time solutions necessarily negate the practical efficacy of what type of algorithm ?
when did french learn about braddock 's plans ?
what did davies call his system
how many horsepower did tesla 's bladeless turbine have ?
what level of economic mobility does the u.s. economy have compared to european countries ?
where was the continental edison company located ?
who governed the central region in the yuan ?
when did luther give his response to eck ?
how many general questions are available to opposition leaders ?
what is the name of harvard 's primary recreational sports facility ?
what percentage of filipino tertiary education takes place in private schools ?
what is the major tributary of the rhine ?
when was the great plague of london ?
what does increasing inequality harm ?
what are pd rings ?
what year was the university 's first president given his position ?
what does phosphorylation do ?
where did aristotle believe the natural place for earth and water elements ?
how many branches does the rhine branch into ?
where does warsaw rank in terms of population in the eu ?
what does oxidative phosphorylation do ?
in what year was the university 's 5th president granted his position ?
how many individual libraries make up the main school library ?
what does packet switching contrast with
cytokine tbf-b suppresses the activity of what cell types ?
who recovered ward 's fumble ?
how did der sturmer describe luther 's on the jews and their lies
what canadian investor sought abc 's help in launching a station in 1960 ?
what vehicle did doctor who use for his escape from gallifrey ?
what person argues that civil disobedience is used to describe everything ?
how many touchdowns did manning throw in the game ?
where might the doctor 's self-interest be at odds with the patient 's self-interest ?
how many years has thomas davis played in the nfl ?
what type of regime ruled over sudan for many years ?
who would decide on the curricula that is consistent and standard ?
what does the beroida have instead of feeding appendages ?
what is kenya a founding member of ?
what player played in the super bowl after breaking his arm two weeks before ?
how many types of x.25 networks were there originally
what is the eukaryotic parasite responsible for malaria known as ?
what soap opera is currently featured in abc 's daytime programming ?
which logo had the dw tardis insignia removed ?
the region spans which mountains other than the transverse ranges ?
the amount of land a country controls is its greatest what ?
what is the most snow fresno has ever had ?
what percentage of the vote for a scottish assembly in favor of it ?
how effective was the military use of the " afghan arabs " ?
in what year was the super bowl last held in the miami/south florida area ?
what two bodies must the parliament go through first to pass legislation ?
what did gano hit on his 44-yard field goal attempt ?
what century was newcastle 's port developed in ?
what country uses the bowl of hygieia as a symbol of pharmacy ?
the scottish parliament may legislate as it pleases as long as the powers are n't already reserved by where ?
what was the program in the first children 's program block to be broadcast in hd ?
how many yards did the interception gain when the ball was tipped away from manning ?
where did old briton call home ?
which doctors were featured in the four doctors ?
what is the country known for ?
who was louis xiv 's main rival ?
in what year were the distinguished service medals awarded to grissom , white , and chaffee ?
higher rates of health and social problems are just two of examples of effects from what ?
what group has approved the appointment of an openly partnered lesbian to the provisional diaconate ?
compounding was not popular in the construction of what machines ?
why do firms substitute equipment for workers ?
how many tons of carbon are absorbed the amazon in a typical year ?
when did washington reach fort le boeuf ?
how much oxygen is found is a liter of fresh water under normal conditions ?
what does the 9 +3 pattern of cilia thought to do ?
what position did fred silverman leave abc to take in 1978 ?
in the layered model of the earth , the outermost layer is what ?
to what did martin luther devote all his attention ?
what was zia-ul-haq 's official state ideology ?
what was edison 's reply as to what tesla did n't understand when tesla asked for payment ?
southern california is most famous for tourism and what notably named district ?
trotsky thought what was needed for a true russian revolution .
what country boarders the south of kenya ?
when did hitler order the annihilation of the warsaw ghetto ?
what tends to lead to more money ?
what flood impacted the meuse ?
how many white settlers were living in kenya in the 1950 's ?
who runs the university of chicago ?
where does the largest part of kenya 's power come from ?
how was the school able to bring aboard the best talented students ?
who was a big star that abc was able to attract because of magnetophon technology ?
after cancelling the show , what did the bbc tell the public ?
what magazine criticized abc 's programming strategy in may 1961 ?
which company is the gallery of japanese art named after ?
what is colonialism 's core meaning ?
what type of group is the islamic state ?
what are two examples of primitive jawless vertebrates ?
what mountain has snow on it all year round ?
what type of mixture was created to replace the pure oxygen atmosphere inside the cabin ?
what was one example of a non-french painting was included in the jones bequest of 1882 ?
what is the name of the winter festival held in january that is based on fitness ?
what caused the need for principal treaties that ended up forming the eu ?
what is the first major city in the course of the rhine ?
what is a very seldom used unit of mass in the metric system ?
which problem consists of both inflationary and deflationary impacts ?
when did western forces invade iraq ?
who acts as laborer , paymaster , and design team for a renovation project ?
who was the scottish geologist that named mt kenya as mt kenia ?
what did smedley butler call us foreign policy ?
where and when did the investigation of the plague pathogen begin ?
what theorem remains valid in unique factorization domains ?
when was the " dalekmania " period ?
what had been left hanging on the door to tesla 's room ?
the church states that , as christians , they are aware that neither the way of what is righteous before god ? "
which super bowl was hosted in san diego in 2003 ?
what was the corporate entity american broadcasting-paramount theatres renamed in 1965 ?
what disagreement did montcalm and indians have ?
what sort of system releases the exhaust steam into the atmosphere ?
how many professional schools does the university of chicago have ?
where is the border of swiss and austria ?
what term did he use for what he believed would be humanity 's future rulers ?
during what year were citizens or corporations said to not be able to bring claims against other non state parties ?
when did luther publish on the bondage of the will ?
what textile industry did the huguenots contribute to in ireland ?
what is the logic behind the cicadas prime number evolutionary strategy ?
how is the time needed to obtain the solution to a problem calculated ?
what exists between fundamentalist islamism and reformist islamism ?
what effect does european union law have on laws of member states ?
how many tree species were found in one square kilometer of ecuadorian rainforest in 2001 ?
who tackled mike tolbert and caused a fumble ?
what is one part of the innate immune system that does n't attack microbes directly ?
what was william johnson 's role in british military ?
where does kenya rang on the cpi scale ?
when was montreal captured ?
what percentage of victorians are christian ?
for how long did the plague stick around ?
what did astor expect the money be used for ?
to which year does the new sculpture galleries now encompass ?
to which technology type that tesla worked on did the caption refer to ?
what did pegasus satellites measure to propose the safety of the environment in space and on the moon ?
what did kenya reveil in 2030 ?
what does an increase in the income share of the bottom 20 percent of people of a society result in ?
what is the scale used to measure the strength of hurricanes called ?
when did germany invade poland and in doing so start world war ii ?
gateways allowed private companies to do what
when did paul rand 's iconic abc logo first debut ?
what is the animal that the rhine 's islands are named after ?
during what time did civilization in the amazon was flourishing when orellana made his observations ?
which book by edward said portrayed the east as being the " others ? "
what do coastal beroids not have that other ctenophora have ?
what area differs from other areas in the united kingdom regarding education ?
whose plan called for the mongolian army to split in two after the khwarezmian conquest ?
who besides woodrow wilson himself had the idea for the inquiry ?
what has an equivalence between mass and space-time ?
who may change the date by up to a month , on the proposal of the po ?
how many people does the greater los angeles area have ?
theories on imperialism use which country as a model ?
what is in eldon square ?
who is currently speaker of the scottish parliament ?
when did prime minister wilson commit to some form of devolved legislature ?
what did vbns do
how common of a type was corporal punishment in schools ?
when did oil finally returned to its bretton woods levels ?
what is the name of one impressive continuation of the fermat primality test ?
how many provinces did the ottoman empire contain in the 17th century ?
the area where jacksonville currently sits has been inhabited for how many years ?
how much of the ipcc attendees are government representatives ?
which theorem would be invalid if the number 1 were considered prime ?
what did this concept contradict
who was the first european to travel the amazon river ?
what country has higher scores on standardized tests than the u.s. ?
dimensions in time featured what prominent soap opera ?
what type of positions would these counties be trying to recruit for ?
it is generally assumed that a turing machine can solve anything capable of also being solved using what ?
what are chloroplasts descended from ?
what artist provided the woodcuts for luther 's bible ?
where is the rhine ?
what did colonial authorities reduce because of the ballarat revolt ?
what is a new trend in teaching ?
how many prime numbers exist ?
what is needed to make combustion happen ?
what alumni was also an attorney general and a federal judge ?
what " war " was tesla involved in ?
what river was there originally a bridge across in roman times ?
what aid is available to underprivileged students seeking to attend a private university ?
in what year was the south african schools act passed ?
what year was the conflict with the song dynasty concluded ?
how was the population of mnemiopsis in the black sea and the sea of azov brought under control ?
what is a spark or heat to the progress of a fire ?
what was the newer county added to the list ?
which company provided streetcar connections between downtown and the hospital ?
besides the arguments with rome and his own fellow reformers , what scandal contributed to luther 's failing health ?
what is missing a theory on quantum gravity ?
which outbreak was associated with troops in the thirty years war ?
when tesla attempted to photograph mark twain , what was the only thing that showed up on the image ?
which lone female architect listed above is represented in the collection ?
constitutional impasse is different from civil disobedience because does not include what type of person ?
when was the ipcc fourth assessment report published ?
zones in which mountains are built along convergent tectonic plate boundaries are called what ?
how did the nixon administration negotiate with the uncooperative countries ?
abc bought 20 acres of land in hollwood in 1949 that would become what studio ?
what principle highlights the significance of primes in number theory
in what sector are jobs beginning to decrease ?
what commonality do alternate machine models , such as random access machines , share with turing machines ?
what crew did eisele eventually get relocated to after having surgery and not making the first mission ?
how much retail activity does the neighborhood have ?
in 2009 what was the total of grants awarded from harvard ?
where is much of the work of the scottish parliament done ?
what modern math concept did zhu shijie do work similar to ?
what company owns the american broadcasting company ?
what years did this occupation take place ?
what position did the tax collector that arrested thoreau get ?
what is the lower canal regulation of the rhine ?
how many people did the islamic state control the territory of as of march 2015 ?
what did sir charles parsons invent ?
how many nations control this region in total ?
what is the minimum amount of time before a bill can go into law ?
when was the merger between itt and abc officially canceled ?
who won the battle near the helan mountains ?
what were casualties of battle ?
who matters the most for economic growth ?
what is an important catalyst of economic growth ?
when did abc adopt it 's iconic circle logo ?
what is one problem with internet pharmacies ?
how is civil disobedience typically defined in connection of the citizen 's ?
residential construction practices , technologies , and resources must conform to what ?
antigen specificity allows responses that are specific to certain types of what ?
when was the imperial library directorate established ?
what allows customers to get sky+ functions if they do not subscribe to bskyb 's channels ?
what factors negatively impacted jacksonville following the war ?
what percentage of american households did abc reach in march 2015 ?
what kind of shows were used as counterprogramming by abc in the fall of 1959 ?
how much did the cm weigh in kgs ?
how many lea-funded 11 to 18 schools are there in newcastle ?
what cruise line has included newcastle as a departure port since 2007 ?
what does a teacher teach in primary school ?
what is the largest main branch of the rhine ?
what 1971 film was shot on location in newcastle ?
who formulated the idea of clonal selection theory of immunity ?
what day was the super bowl played on ?
when did the so called gentlemen 's agreement between sadat and the islamists break down ?
in what year was the 20th anniversary special aired ?
what harvard alumni was the palestine prime minister ?
what may be possible for multiple kuznets ' cycles to be in at any given time ?
what strategy did jebe 's army use against kuchlug and his supporters ?
what did the lmp acronym stand for regarding the block ii launch positions ?
ludwig krapf recorded the name was what ?
whose saying about purgatory did martin luther object to ?
how many teams did los angeles used to have ?
how big were his artificial bolts ?
how much gold did victoria produce in the years of 1851-1860 ?
what was the name of the marco polo episode ?
who won super bowl xlix ?
how does victoria rank as to population density ?
what does a high tide risk near lands ?
how many points did the broncos score in the final three minutes of the pittsburgh game ?
who refused to act until loudoun approved plans ?
what is warsaw 's name in the polish language ?
who besides the russians are often left out of the colonialism debat ?
which article made provisions for concentrations or mergers and the abuse of a dominant position by companies ?
how many teams have won 15 regular season games since the 16-game schedule was adopted ?
when was the rhine fully within the holy roman empire ?
how do students rate teachers that they feel are enthusiastic ?
when rock folds deep in the earth it can fold one of two ways , when it buckles upwards it creates what ?
what perk did religious leaders , teachers , and doctors get in the mongol empire ?
what causes triplet oxygen to react slowly ?
what name was given to the western half of the colony ?
why did warsaw gain the title of the " phoenix city " ?
where did golovin work prior to joining the " space vehicle panel " ?
who were the westwood one color analysts ?
in what year did fresno get its first pedestrian mall ?
the 2012 study showed teachers experienced more stress than whom ?
how many fumbles did von miller force in super bowl 50 ?
which tefu article states that no quantitative restrictions can be placed on trade ?
setting speed limits was one of the further devolutions which was conferred by what act ?
what is rugby rapidly becoming with high schools ?
how many catholic schools were in victoria ?
when did the umc enter into full communion with several churches ?
how many coordinating lead authors does an ipcc report chapter have ?
how do students learn about the church ?
how many stations did abc have affiliation agreements with in 2015 ?
what was the final score of the game between the panthers and the seahawks ?
when was there an attempt to reform the law of the eu ?
in what year was the trial of rev . jimmy creech ?
what would type of studying would require a teacher to take on a supervisor role ?
what channels were removed from the network in march of 2007 ?
what type of company is van gend en loos ?
what year did the first manned apollo flight occur ?
who can question statements the first minister or members of the cabinet make ?
what are those with lower incomes less likely to have in order to prepare for the future ?
the redesigned central garden opened in 2005 with what new moniker ?
how many abc affiliates does the e. w. scripps company own ?
what did polo call the yuan capital ?
who was the main proponent of the cellular theory of immunity ?
what happens to the packet at the destination
who described a steam turbine in 1629 ?
what group started peace meetings ?
what was the only comedy to earn a second season for the 2010-11 schedule ?
what period did plates reverse directions to compress the tethys floor ?
who designed and sculpted the marble fireplace in the centre refreshment room ?
what did kublai 's government have to balance between ?
does bskyb carry any control over a channels content ?
what is composed of the area provost/dean ad the several district superintendents of the districts in the annual conference ?
what chess grandmaster is also a university alumni ?
what position did luther have in wittenberg ?
when did the court of justice rule that the commission could only propose that there must be some criminal sanctions ?
who exclusively broadcast the game in spanish after reaching an agreement with the nfl and cbs ?
who designed the turner and vernon galleries that were built in 1858-9 ?
what campaign did the communist regime initiate after wwii ?
is fertilization internal or exeternal in most species ?
how many weeks each year does the food and drink festival run ?
where did montcalm move his heaquarter to show strategic advancement ?
who led the broncos with 105 receptions ?
what city did tesla move to in 1880 ?
when was nikola tesla born ?
what show aired on cbs after late local programming ?
how many total volumes are in the harvard library system ?
in what year did tesla 's family move to gospic ?
other scholars contend that luther 's words lent what element to christian suspicion of jews ?
what does the eu 's legitimacy rest on ?
where is the famous rock the rhine flows around ?
where was montcalm focusing the defense for new france ?
what voyager said that mombasa was a great harbour and moored small crafts and great ships ?
when is the evolution festival hosted ?
who did tesla work for in the 1880s ?
what is the foundation for separation results within complexity classes ?
what does wealth disparity make the economy more prone to ?
what company had a contest to win a free super bowl commercial ?
what did article 65 of the ecsc ban ?
what life process produces oxygen in the presence of light ?
what do young ctenophores generaly look like ?
how much did the second stage increase thrust by with the integration of the s-ivb-200 ?
what method was used to clear forest for crop cultivation in the amazon forest ?
where were interviews held while the parliament was in its temporary building ?
what type of professional is a pharmacy technician considered to be ?
what characteristic identifies the french ancestry of some south africans ?
how much of the sun is made up of oxygen ?
what is kenya known for ?
what lineage is karenia in ?
maududi believed that islam needed what to be established ?
what rainforest covers the majority of the amazon basin in south america ?
in what book did betty meggers describe the idea of the amazon being sparsely populated ?
how did the unequal treatment of chinese versus mongols in the yuan make the dynasty seem ?
how many bits are typically used in the primes for the diffie–hellman key exchange ?
approximately how many items are in the costume collection of the v & a ?
what magnitude of earthquake can many faults produce ?
in what type of molecules are oxygen found ?
who is subject to vetting ?
what is the general term used to describe the output to any given input in a problem instance ?
when was this proclamation issued ?
what super bowl was the last where a fumble was returned for a touchdown ?
what is the super bowl program called that gives local companies business opportunities for the super bowl ?
when was temüjin elected khan of the mongols ?
what modern city did khanbaliq become ?
how frequent is snow in the southwest of the state ?
when did he first mention wireless communication ?
what should be avoided when talking to authorities ?
orange , san diego , riverside and san bernardino make up four of the five counties . what is the name of the last county ?
who was one of the earliest examples of civil disobedience against ?
in what conditions were forces first measured historically ?
what was the name of the first german settlement ?
the earthquake forecast models what features of earthquakes in california ?
who released a disco version of the doctor who theme ?
what army did warsaw successfully defend itself against ?
who led a mongol attack on the song dynasty ?
what did people vote the doctor who series as in a 2011 online vote ?
who did emma marry ?
what are the total number of votes to be counted during the voting process ?
who was the tangut general who fought genghis khan at deshun ?
what famous indian 's actions were considered civil disobedience ?
what architecture type came after norman in england ?
how many people do historians estimate genghis khan killed in the iranian plateau ?
what was tesla 's friends ' theory as to what became of him ?
how much gun powder was destroyed in attack ?
what type of surnames is their a strong presence of ?
what is a maze of membranous tubes ?
how great were the losses suffered in the the financial crisis of 2008-09 to harvard endowment ?
what cellular carrier had the only contract for the super bowl to be shown on smartphones ?
who was influential in promoting the use of chemical compounds as medicines ?
which massive lake did the mongolians call tenggis ?
what are we unsure of about how chloroplasts make methionine precursors ?
how many chloroplasts are in a square mm of a leaf ?
as a result of a compromise , about how many chinese schools became national type schools ?
what department store is thought to be the first in the world ?
what stipend do students enrolled in priority courses receive ?
what are apicomplexans similar to ?
what did aristotle refer to forced motion as ?
in what part of the 19th century were steam turbines introduced ?
what does a turing machine handle on a strip of tape ?
what was the yuan 's persian ally ?
how wide is the upper rhine plain ?
besides the walk to the church , what else was left out of the day 's celebration ?
how many study contracts were awarded on october 25th ?
where is audra mcdonald from ?
when was marconi 's radio demonstration ?
other than san bernardino , what is the name of the other city that maintains the districts including university town ?
who is the vice-chair of the ipcc ?
who did wesley appoint as bishop in 1784 ?
for whom was this new mass intended ?
what is the name of the river that is completely contained inside jacksonville ?
what profession was nathan alterman ?
what do some believe the treaty of versailles assisted in ?
what are the antimicrobial peptides that are the main form of invertebrate systemic immunity called ?
what did decnet phase 2 become
what educational study did luther start to pursue and immediately drop ?
what serves as a biological barrier by competing for space and food in the gi tract ?
what was the topic of the error ?
what are members who have been baptized as an infant or child but who have not subsequently professed their own faith ?
when did kenya obtain independence ?
in an atmospheric engine , what does air pressure push against ?
what civilization was the first known to clearly study prime numbers ?
in what form is oxygen transported in smaller containers ?
what is a criticism of online pharmacies that issue drugs without a prescription ?
when did richard dean adams make his inquiry ?
when did maududi found the jamaat-e-islami party ?
first published by sir charles lyell in 1830 this book was called what ?
what is the roman numeral for 50 ?
what did john wesley originally call the experience of conversion ?
what recent decade saw brightening of the perception of genghis khan in mongolia ?
what is the chemical that mediates type 1 hypersensitivity ?
where was the signing held ?
of what was the diet of worms an assembly ?
when was the confederation of the rhine ?
who did the national anthem at super bowl 50 ?
what is plasmodium ?
when did tesla go to karlovac ?
who did espn and abc sign an eight year deal with in 2005 ?
a problem set that that is hard for the expression np can also be stated how ?
what is unique about simultaneous hermaphrodites ?
what type of number theory utilizes and studies prime ideals ?
what is the exchange of a set of obligations between two or more parties ?
what subatomic particle did tesla deny the existence of ?
how is packet switching characterized
what do pyrenoids store ?
when did the first french language bible appear ?
who demonstrated that p= np implies problems not present in p or np-complete ?
what was the only region in europe not conquered by the germanic tribes ?
what does teaching on an island result in ?
what is the group called that does not agree with government at all ?
when did the syrian civil war begin ?
for what reason would someone avoid crimes while protesting ?
what percent of the global assets in 2000 were owned by just 1 % of adults ?
what kind of disorders are the result of an overactive immune response ?
what is the kilogram-force sometimes reffered to as ?
when extensive time is required to sort integers , this represents what case complexity ?
what kind of images of luther were used to advertise protestantism ?
how many bodies of water makes up lake constance ?
when do chloroplasts arrange in vertical columns or turn sideways ?
how many plant species make up the total in the rainforest ?
the sunday service of the methodists in north america was a revised version of what book ?
what charity benefited from the 30th anniversary show ?
who helped pay for the university 's first building structure ?
how large can ctenophora grow ?
what runs from the riverside to higher parts of the city center ?
what did luther need to do to avoid excommunication ?
who is considered the leading figure in the arts and crafts movement ?
what forest is by warsaw 's southern border ?
what huguenot area is designated as a historical landmark ?
what is the estimated cost of the v & a branded gallery ?
what is the oldest known rock in the world ?
when did great britain colonize australia ?
by what means is imperialism usually administered ?
what encouraged trade under the yuan ?
what do etioplasts ' internal membranes have ?
who was al-banna 's assassination a retaliation for the prior assassination of ?
was the school officially associated with any denomination ?
when is the oldest armed seal of warsaw from ?
who is the quarterback for the panthers ?
how did the islamic group 's campaign to overthrow the government turn out ?
tumors that are able to evade the body 's immune response can become what ?
when was the first direct elections for native kenyans ?
who was kublai khan 's grandfather ?
which party is strongest in victoria 's northwestern and eastern regions ?
who sets the legislative agenda in victoria ?
what market other than harrogate , cheltenham , bath , inner london , hastings and brighton is overinflated ?
where did the huguenots land in new york originally ?
who were chu'tsai 's forefathers ?
along with internal combustion engines , what machines have superseded steam in some areas ?
how many affiliates did abc have in 1949 ?
why do the island archipelagos comprise a smaller number of electors ?
how many touchdowns did newton get in the 2015 season ?
when did bskyb discontinue the sky+ box ?
what was elway 's final game as the denver quarterback ?
what is the principle about relating spin and space variables ?
where does the secondary theory say most genes are kept ?
where do plasma waves occur ?
when did the logo bug begin appearing throughout the entire program for abc shows ?
how many affiliates carry the abc network feed in 480i standard definition ?
what interfered with kublai 's second invasion of japan ?
what fields may pharmacy informatics also work in ?
kurt h. debus was appointed what position for the launch operations center ?
what type of rock is found at the grand canyon ?
southern california 's economy can be described as one of the largest in the united states and what other characteristic ?
where are the upper rhine and upper danube crossed ?
what was peyton manning 's passer rating for the season ?
what was the entity that stepped in and caused miami 's sun life stadium to no longer be in the running to host super bowl 50 ?
what feature of the amazon made people believe it could n't have many inhabitants ?
how many seasons did the love boat run for ?
what kind of company is sky uk limited ?
what part do events in victoria 's economy play ?
of what were materials that left little residue thought to contain ?
what city did super bowl 50 take place in ?
how many paid holiday days does the working time directive require workers to have each year ?
what does chloroplastidan mean ?
what are the stages in a compound engine called ?
how many interceptions did aqib talib have for the regular season ?
what country was under the control of norman barons ?
how many developed countries did british researchers use to gather statistics from ?
what did the italian government fail to do in francovich v italy ?
what english law made that country more welcoming to huguenots ?
what is the saxon garden in polish ?
what introduces inequality to a country ?
what was the black death originally blamed on ?
what schools do preparatory schools prepare british children to attend ?
which directive mentioned was created in 1994 ?
which examples of fashion does the museum continue to acquire for its collection ?
when was the last season that this original theme was used ?
what type of medicine did mongol shamans use ?
what did luther expound to be greater than sin ?
the region was a leader in what event between 2001 - 2007 ?
what did water that flowed towards the pacific have to flow across during the mid-eocene ?
what was dalton 's erroneous formula for water ?
where is galaxy public school located ?
what is the southern region where protestants are concentrated ?
from what country did the first person in space come from ?
telnet used what interface technology
what religions did tugh temur follow ?
in what types of organisms did the adaptive immune system first evolve ?
what do the words kirinyaga , kirenyaa , and kiinyaa mean ?
what omen was genghis khan reported to have seen assuring his coming victory against the tanguts ?
in what year did the fcc publish it 's report ?
what will v & a dundee focus on ?
what is a connection identifier
what was the 2007 episode that featured the master 's return ?
who said , " here i stand . i can do no other " ?
in what year was a set of significant rule changes introduced including the forward pass ?
what was used to create a new electromagnetic theory to reconcile the troubles with electromagnetic theory as it used to stand ?
what is the name of the first doctor who serial ?
what was done to the trajan 's column replica to fit it under the ceiling ?
what does immunodeficiency cause ?
in what decade were injectors widely used in steam engines ?
when was free primary school introduced ?
who was considered to be the first choice in the nfl draft of 1998 ?
what did luther 's degree in 1509 concern ?
who is currently the president of the council ?
how many successors of kublai was toghun the last of ?
the 4 sales and service centers are viewed as
what entity was touchstone television reorganized into in 2007 ?
what was walt disney 's brother 's name ?
what peanuts special is halloween-themed ?
in what type of work was luther prolific ?
what is the record number of touchdowns cam newton has had ?
how many homes did the alta vista tract have five years after billings & meyering acquired it ?
what was the chinese name for the central secretariat ?
who contends that luther did not intend to oppose the church ?
what is more fundamental than force in quanton field theory ?
what is the highest court in the european union ?
when does rain typically fall in jacksonville ?
what river was petrela located by ?
what are chloroplasts in mesophyll cells specialized for ?
who missed a field goal for the panthers ?
what award was given to corliss ?
when did embankment of the major rhine distributaries take palce ?
what other health issues did luther have ?
when did tesla 's father die ?
what entity enforces the charter of fundamental rights of the european union ?
how do pathogens avoid detection ?
approximately how many works by rodin are part of the museum collection ?
le grand states that students studying civil disobedience will often run into grammatical niceties and what other problem ?
what is unique about a hermaphrodite ?
what has the tendency to increase wages in a field or job position ?
what are the agents the immune system detects known as ?
what equation currently decribes the physics of force .
when was the last super bowl in california ?
what did his design avoid in not having a commutator ?
prior to super bowl 50 , when were the broncos last there ?
what did tesla patent in 1891 ?
what is europe 's largest inland port ?
what two fields of theoretical computer science closely mirror computational complexity theory ?
who founded mckinsey & company ?
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , what was the total umc membership in the u.s. ?
compared to other elements , how abundant does oxygen rank ?
what type of treatment are pharmacists important for ?
what was kublai 's favorite sect of tibetan buddhism ?
what did genghis khan do to the tangut imperial family after their surrender ?
what industry has managed to survive major military spending cutbacks ?
who noted the different current uses of civil disobedience ?
in what districts are the registration numbers for cars all of the same type ?
how many expansion stages are used by the triple expansion engine ?
what type of role that islamism seeks makes it a somewhat controversial concept ?
how many years had thomas davis played in the league when he broke his arm during the nfc championship game ?
what was invented in 1880 that revolutionized warfare ?
how is the prime number p in bertrand 's postulate expressed mathematically ?
what layers of a leaf have chloroplasts ?
what is the nasuwt ?
what eventually happened to the block i program after the incident ?
what did paul rose say luther added to german thought ?
such protests are usually considered to be what type ?
many conferences have taking a position by voting in favor of what ?
when did holden announce that it will close its victoria plant ?
when was the current parliament of scotland convened ?
who is suited to interpret the treaties ?
what was the most important of these cities or towns ?
when did luther write a german mass ?
which direction did the disease first move in ?
what kind of field is necessary to produce a magnet effect in oxygen molecules ?
when did blackburne make his argument about luther and souls ?
which court is the highest court in the european union ?
at what angle were the groups of pistons set in relation to one another in a 4-cylinder compound ?
who was appointed to be abc 's president by noble in 1950 ?
which mountain range influenced the split of the regions ?
how long had john paul ii been the pope in 1979 ?
in what year did doctor who begin being shown in hdtv ?
how many private schools existed in new zealand in april 2014 ?
which century was there a program to straighten the rhine ?
who was the first european to travel the entire length of the amazon river ?
what does the beroe do when pursuing prey ?
where did the tran dynasty rule ?
what did nasa name the series seeking up to 30 more flights to earth 's orbit ?
what was konstantin mereschkowski 's career ?
who was famous for disobedience against a tax collector ?
when do chloroplasts produce defense signals ?
who was the panthers ' tackle leader for 2015 ?
what additional benefits are there to surrounding community of expansion ?
what is happening to the average age of teachers in wales ?
on what date was victoria declared independent from new south wales ?
where did he live while he was looking good ?
what is another word for inclusions in sedimentary rocks ?
when was tesla electric company formed ?
where was the cm intended to land upon re entering the earth 's atmosphere ?
where was the new media day event for super bowl 50 held ?
when did the general conference go on record in support of the work of the religious coalition for reproductive choice ?
when was a doctor who prom performed ?
which country was worried that the us would invade the middle east ?
what suffered considerably for warsaw when it had an eastern bloc economy ?
a single line connects san bernardino , riverside and what other county ?
what was the tribe of the woman temüjin married when he was around 16 years old ?
what generally dictates the construction materials used ?
students build stronger relationships with what type of teachers ?
where does the cold and warm water meet the warm water ?
what is the name of the university 's core curriculum ?
in 1785 james hutton presented what paper to the royal society of edinburgh ?
the legislative body , the council , are made up of what type of individuals ?
in what compound is oxygen part of a ring arrangement ?
where did british resettle many acadians ?
how can you protest against big companies in a non violent way ?
what concept did philosophers in antiquity use to study simple machines ?
what is the full official city name of warsaw ?
what does article 102 of the treaty of lisbon prohibit ?
how did luther persuade archbishop albrecht to stop the sale of indulgences ?
who applies european union law ?
how many of the four field goal attempts did mcmanus succeed at during super bowl 50 ?
what feature will enrich the the pedestrian friendly environment after restoration ?
what has replaced the former shipping premises ?
what was the memoir entitled which was submitted to the american philosophical society ?
what year did tesla enroll at an engineering school ?
what is the benefit of red algae being red ?
when were the two finalists for hosting super bowl 50 announced ?
what year did newton hold the number one draft pick position ?
what is the name of the service that gets local businesses contract chances with the super bowl ?
which park is home to the fresno chafffee zoo ?
in what year did harvard and radcliffe admissions merge ?
since when was the rhine part of the areal of hallstatt culture ?
what was apple talk
sky movies and sky box office also include what optional soundtracks ?
what famous musician starred in stormy monday ?
what can the growth elasticity of poverty depend on ?
when did the partnership between tesla , lane and vail form ?
what should a teacher guide a student in ?
what kind of amino acids are overrepresented in epitope regions ?
what type of musical instruments did the yuan bring to china ?
who may members direct questions towards during general question time ?
what was the boat called ?
halford mackinder and friedrich ratzel where what kind of geographers ?
which region is represented the most in the textiles collection ?
when did operation anvil open ?
what is kenya doing to determine if there are more reserves ?
how much do ctenophore eat in a day ?
what is the state average growth rate ?
what is another name to describe the science of teaching ?
what was the very first television station to broadcast in fresno ?
how many points did carolina lead the nfl in scoring for offensive plays ?
what grew on a global scale as a result of imperialism ?
where was the espn deportes spanish version of super bowl 50 available ?
between what dates was the building on pilgrim street refurbished ?
what is the principle that states that with sedimentary rocks , inclusions must be older than the formation that contains them ?
what is the rhine gorge known for ?
what did tesla work on in 1888 ?
what is the afc short for ?
where can ctenophores be found in large amounts ?
how long are students required to learn welsh ?
what county was newcastle a part of until 1400 ?
what countries does kenya compete with for long distance running ?
what part of the earth is composed of mostly of silicates of iron and magnesium ?
as of what year were 10000 horsepower engines available ?
abc news provides content for radio stations owned by what company ?
the development of terra preta allowed for what to happen in the amazon forest ?
how did luther 's writings sound as he became less healthy ?
how many of the network 's stations are owned-and-operated ?
how many courses must undergraduates maintain for full time status ?
along with electric motors , what power sources overtook steam engines in the 20th century ?
the flushing action of what expels pathogens from the eyes ?
how was scarcity managed in many countries ?
what could the supplemental nutrition assistance program purchase ?
what is the bond order of dioxygen molecules ?
who transported tesla 's ashes from the us .
the material in the v & a theatre collection is available for which use ?
what is the source of oxygen production through electrocatalytic means ?
what was the domain name of the site that streamed the super bowl 50 game ?
how many academic research divisions does the university of chicago have ?
what group can teachers register with ?
how long was he bedridden with cholera ?
what are the two integer responses to a decision problem ?
which caused the reform to never come into force ?
who did edward make archbishop of canterbury ?
what did joseph haas say in his email ?
who said tesla had a " distinguished sweetness " ?
what have some inverted repeats become ?
what did luther tell the legate about the papacy ?
the v & a 's youth outreach programme was a hallmark of whose directorship ?
which entities were originally concerned with preventing violation of human rights ?
which super bowl did elway win at 38 years old ?
what cancer researchers were also apart of the university 's faculty ?
who included 1 as the first prime number in the mid 18th century ?
how many yards did newton throw for in 2015 ?
why was this bill nessecary ?
some non-british works in the british galleries were imported from which continent ?
when did warsaw start to rebuild ?
where was the gate of king hugo ?
who would begter have married when he came of age ?
how many people per square mile lived in fresno in 2010 ?
who painted the retable of st. george that is in the v & a collection ?
what is another general name for a religious teacher ?
what would mongol armies divert in order to cut off the resources of cities they were attacking ?
what has caused savanna regions to grow into the south american tropics in the last 34 million years ?
what are environmentalists concerned about having released from the amazon region ?
how many will the host committee dedicate to local charities ?
which company was tasked with trying to restore the original tapes ?
what are private secondary schools in germany called ?
what is a local pastor 's official title ?
which committee made an effort to invite companies owned by people , who are transgender or gay , to take part in contract business associated with super bowl 50 .
at what point in luther 's sermons did schurf write to the elector ?
when did luther receive a degree in biblical studies ?
what was the first us state to have compulsory education ?
what could someone be investigated for ?
what covered the new field at levi 's stadium ?
why have mongolian politicians considered regulating the use of genghis khan 's name ?
newcastle is home to a large population of what type of person ?
in addition to endowments and tuition , how do boarding schools cover their operating costs ?
what canadian cable station started showing doctor who in 2009 ?
when was warsaw 's first stock exchange established ?
what series has an actor doing an impression of the fourth doctor ?
what was roaring as newcastle was stormed ?
what did this affair cause to luther 's reputation ?
who got a touchdown making the score 10-7 ?
where was the boat demonstration given ?
during what time did the rainforest spanned a narrow band ?
the smaller streams are used for what ?
in which year was möllendorff dinner service designed ?
how big are phycobilisomes ?
who normally instructs members how to vote ?
on which date was genghis khan 's palace rediscovered by archeaologists ?
how is oxygen produced from carbon dioxide on the other planets of the solar system ?
what are the hairs on ctenophores called ?
what jacksonville community is known for having heavy ties to the navy ?
what equates to a squared integer according to polynomial time reduction ?
what year was the treaty of amsterdam created ?
what is doctor who 's space ship called ?
how did luther view islam ?
how thick are chloroplasts in land plants ?
what did this help accomplish ?
since this was the 50th one , what was the theme color for the super bowl ?
how much thrust was estimated for the translunar flight ?
what position did rivera play in super bowl xx ?
what did edison machine works persue in 1890 ?
stratigraphers try to locate areas for what types of extraction ?
when did good morning america first debut ?
which duty do some people believe civil disobedients have ?
what is an example of a steam-powered automobile ?
many liturgies are derived from what book ?
what does fota stand for ?
when did tesla go to prague ?
what is another name for the tabula rogeriana ?
which mongol leader completed the conquest of kievan rus ' ?
the fact that not all fossils may be found globally at the same time causes the principle to become what ?
what is the name of the private day school for k-12 students the university runs ?
what sections of church dogma did luther come to view in another way ?
what was the number of solo tackles that von miller had in super bowl 50 ?
what is an example of a pump component ?
what status has the brotherhood obtained in the islamic world ?
le grande also wrote that defining the term civil disobedience so difficult it could be described as ?
what problem did some tree ring data have ?
what was the centrifugal governor incapable of doing ?
what are two anti-inflammatory molecules that peak during awake hours ?
how old was john elway when he played in super bowl xxxiii ?
what yard line was the broncos on when manning lost the ball in the fourth quarter ?
when did disney-abc television group implement restrictions on hulu and watch abc to encourage live viewing ?
who made experimental measurements on a model steam engine ?
what are those with lower incomes often unable to manage ?
what do photosynthetic carotenoids do ?
who was the most widely read writer of his generation ?
how quickly can an algorithm solve an np-complete knapsack problem ?
what minor amount of liquid oxygen was produced by early french experimenters ?
what work is useful for pastors ?
who was emma 's brother ?
where did singer hold a press conference in may 2000 ?
when did newcastle 's first indoor market open ?
what criticism in ny times article that impacts the quality of education at harvard ?
what is involved in a review of prescribed medications ?
what project did harvard halt due to the financial crisis ?
approximately how many adherents does the united methodist church have across the world ?
in which regions in particular did genghis khan 's armies massacre civilians ?
which californio is located in the upper part ?
in what state is the largest huguenot society located ?
what have muslims praised hamas for doing ?
what cataloging system was used by the national art library from the 1980s to the 1990s ?
who recorded " walking in fresno ? "
what is malum in se considerations ?
who decided not to come visit the country in 2013 ?
what did electromagnetic theory finally lead to ?
what did the kyoto protocol try to address ?
why the narrow part of st. john 's river called cowford ?
europe first colonized the americas , then asia , but what continent was third ?
what kind of light is inadequate for chloroplasts to divide ?
what states that united methodist theology is at once " catholic , evangelical and reformed ? "
who recovered the fumble and ran the ball in for a touchdown ?
what was the theme of super bowl 50 ?
reports document that how many parisien protestants were killed by september 17 ?
how is the opening of the grainger market documented in the laing art gallery ?
who decide to make a very large donation to the university 's booth school of business ?
who kept tabs on the accident review board that nasa created ?
how many different tv networks are considered to be the principal partners , when it comes to broadcasting nfl events ?
what famous civil rights leader called harvard home ?
what researcher showed that air is a necessity for combustion ?
what alumni is also the governor of the bank of japan ?
which group did not agree to sign these agreements ?
what amendment to the united states constitution governs government funding of religious schools ?
what was their first plan that was launched ?
what percentage of private school students go to catholic schools ?
which church 's saint is nicknamed the martyr ?
what range of years was the current warming compared to ?
who introduced the first system of education ?
what type of works from asia are included in the v & a 's british galleries ?
who recovered the strip ball ?
what are the components of drug therapy ?
what was the effect of the housing crash on the region ?
in what city is the last huguenot congregation in the us ?
what non-chinese empire did the yuan dynasty succeed ?
the mark of anarchy was written to protest against what ?
in early pleistocene , what direction did the rhine flow ?
when might starch grains become overly large ?
what other series mentioned returned with a plot continuation ?
what are the ties that best described what the " eight counties " are based on ?
which gallery was redesigned in the 1990s and later improved in 2002 ?
which company won a contest to have their ad shown for free during super bowl 50 ?
how many tons does the hereford screen weigh ?
what did luther try to do for the jews ?
which plateau is the left part of warsaw on ?
what is strongly linked to good student-teacher relationships ?
where does the livestock of the country normally dominate ?
where did the black death originate ?
what coalition rose up to oppose louis xiv 's france ?
what did tesla incorrectly believe about x-rays ?
what is the knls responsible for ?
what is the revised version of the book of common prayer called ?
when was the umc founded ?
in 1974 , what detective series debuted on abc ?
why was it thought that ctenophores were a poor diet for other animals ?
in what year did harvard win an intercolleiate sailing association national championship ?
what can chloroplasts change into ?
who supported andreas karistadt in reform at wittenberg ?
who is the archenemy of doctor who ?
who has performed all the doctor who music since the 2005 christmas special ?
which entities have powers of amendment and veto during the legislative process ?
in what year were two block i csms launched ?
what was the percentage of germans attending private high schools in 2008 ?
to what pathogen that causes gas gangrene is oxygen poisonous ?
how many floors are there in the building that was completed in 1967 ?
in what two age groups is the strength of the immune system reduced ?
who broadcast the super bowl on tv ?
what ethnic group located in jacksonville is ranked tenth largest ?
what position did justin tucker play ?
why do people chose civil disobedience to protest ?
what doctor who spin-off series was commissioned by the bbc ?
which awards show has its rights rotated among the four major networks on a yearly basis ?
what are the three sources of european union law ?
what can result in creating a poverty trap ?
the umc believes that jesus repudiated the les talionis in what bible verses ?
which architect , famous for the india gate in new delhi , is represented in the riba collection ?
what government agency supervised buddhist monks ?
what was the first british empire based on ?
who gave genghis khan the title khadan ?
which articles state that powers stay with member states unless they 've been conferred ?
what type of civil disobedience is larger scale ?
what are the attacks on teachers causing ?
in which year was the salting bequest made ?
what does high inequality go hand-in-hand with ?
what political party is strongest in melbourne 's working class suburbs ?
when did the bbc receive a favorable ruling on the trade mark claim ?
what has caused oxfam 's findings to be questioned ?
what does the inner mitochondria membrane do ?
what can be the result of a change in an organization ?
in what series was the master reintroduced ?
assuming that t represents a polynomial in t ( n ) , what is the term given to the corresponding algorithm ?
what type of teacher is required in the western europe model of discipline ?
what did the mongol elites wish buyantu did n't do ?
who did the mongols bring to china as administrators ?
what is one main reason that civil disobedience is not recognized ?
after the rhine emerges from lake constance , what direction does it flow ?
jesmond and heaton are areas filled predominantly with what ?
what did watt add to the steam engine in 1788 ?
which town 's massacre did genghis khan order in retribution for the treatment of his envoys ?
how long did it take for the theses printing to spread thought germany ?
germany referred to which area more so than an actual country ?
which kicker had a portion of the turf collapse , causing him to miss a field goal ?
what tribe uses gps devices to map lands ?
what is another name for any given measure of input associated with a problem ?
what field of computer science is primarily concerned with determining the likelihood of whether or not a problem can ultimately be solved using algorithms ?
which authority figure is designated to schedule and set the work of the eu ?
how was tesla 's mechanical oscillator powered ?
where is the largest number of tourist coming from ?
in 1517 who was luther 's bishop ?
what types of organizations are on a decline in the us which adversely effects economic mobility ?
the influence of india can be seen in which religious art objects from thailand , burma and cambodia ?
what is abc 's traditional vod service currently named ?
what letter did washington present to saint-pierre ?
what opened on january 30th at the justin herman plaza ?
who is credited with finding evidence of large settlements in the amazon forest ?
the brotherhood 's members are against consuming what beverage ?
who was appointed genghis khan 's successor ?
who confirmed watt 's discovery of latent heat ?
what year was north america 's first printing press started ?
what day was the game played on ?
who was reintroduced for the 50th anniversary special ?
what does the secret history say genghis khan was doing when he sustained his mortal injuries ?
debates about civil disobedience include or exclude what major practice ?
what was another term used for the oil crisis ?
what other areas did the apollo missions help spur advancements in ?
what did alec shelbrooke propose payments of benefits to be made on ?
when did dyrrachium fall to the normans ?
what was the name of theodore roosevelt ’ s policy of imperialism ?
what religion is the western region mostly ?
how successful was the french revised efforts ?
when was the charter for this church signed ?
who produced the doctor who revival series ?
what did tesla develop in 1887 ?
what are the laws of physics of galileo , in reference to objest in motion and rest ?
teacher 's colleges certify , govern and enforce what for teachers ?
where did iroquois confederation control ?
what contributed to water pollution in the rhine ?
what happened to the building on george iv bridge when the parliament was done with it ?
what new orleans stadium was considered for super bowl 50 ?
who ran for a carolina touchdown to make the score 10–7 ?
what space station supported three manned missions in 1973-1974 ?
who was the mayor of san francisco during super bowl 50 ?
what two comedies were featured on abc 's new wednesday comedy lineup ?
what are public schools in victoria ?
what eponymous variation of arithmetic presents a decision problem not evidenced in p ?
what is the term of office for each house member ?
what streets are contraflows to be implemented on in newcastle ?
what are sometimes present in the boiler 's firebox crown ?
what kind of forest is the amazon rainforest ?
the ottoman empire controlled territory on three continents , africa , asia and which other ?
what gene is responsible for converting calcidiol into calcitriol ?
which mvp honoree died in 2001 ?
how many total yards did denver gain ?
in nepalese private schools , what is the primary language of instruction ?
what does it mean when currencies are left to " float ? "
what do rules about conflict of interest involving doctors diagnosing patients resemble ?
how many days did the river tyne have the bambuco bridge ?
when was the term " regeneration " first used ?
at what speed did the turbine operate ?
which team won super bowl 50 .
what program did red cross put together in 2011 ?
what carries a significant amount of the rhine flow through france ?
by which year did the american cars mpg start to improve ?
what was the name given to the undergraduate college 's liberal-arts curriculum ?
how else can petrologists understand the temperature at which different mineral phases appear ?
what uprising began in 1351 ?
what compounds in the stomach protect against ingested pathogens ?
what form of oxygen do marine animals acquire in greater amounts during cooler climatic conditions ?
inequality in the presence of credit market imperfections has what kind of effect on human capital formation ?
who is the executive power ?
in an ideal moral society , what would all citizens be free from ?
how were the men who did tasks like those of today 's pharmacists viewed in japan in the asuka and nara periods ?
khitan had been overthrown by which dynasty that genghis khan later defeated ?
according to reduction , if x and y can be solved by the same algorithm then x performs what function in relationship to y ?
how is most plants ' cpdna arranged ?
who was appointed as the replacement for duke yansheng kong duanyou ?
the national art library at the v & a is known by what other name ?
who led the north american huguenot colonial expedition ?
what had to happen to each mission before they would continue on to the next mission ?
what was the goal of john sheepshanks considerable bequest to the museum ?
what is expected with the continuous input of sediment into the dornbirner ach ?
how tall is the bank of america tower ?
who wants a more confrontational type of discipline ?
what is the most rainfall recorded in a 24 hour period in fresno ?
what played during the closing credits of the doctor who episodes ?
what 's the party 's take on muslim history ?
what are the secretions commonly called ?
dendritic cells are named that because they resemble what ?
what british general negotiated at montreal ?
what event happened 66 million years ago ?
what denomination is associated with saint kentigern college ?
in what decade did abc finish transitioning to color ?
who captured and held temüjin prisoner around 1177 ?
what is one of the reason that underdeveloped nations received aid from the oil income ?
when did the practice of wiping tapes stop ?
when did temur rule ?
what graphic designer designed the abc logo in it 's most known form ?
what had bhutto planned on banning within six months , before he was overthrown ?
what does corporal punishment cause a student ?
what two factors can generally increase a teacher 's salary ?
what were the cultural origins of the engineers and technology adopted by the mongol military ?
which genus lack tentacles and sheaths ?
in what year did the fcc vote for the financial interest and syndication rules ?
why did the series end in 2011 ?
where did the world 's first railway journey terminate ?
when did the north american french and indian war end ?
when did the shah kingdom start to collapse ?
what parts of the original catholic mass did luther leave out of his new mass ?
which mongol leader was most opposed to jochi as genghis khan 's successor ?
the walt disney company is a part owner of what vod streaming service ?
what is the oxygen partial pressure of space suits ?
who normally supervises a construction job ?
what is septicemia ?
when was tesla returned to gospic ?
what space-time path is seen as a curved line in space ?
approximately how many british drawings are included in the v & a collection ?
why were southern chinese ranked lower ?
in what year did the first abc identification card have a 3d appearance ?
what shakespeare scholar is currently on the university 's faculty ?
in 2012 , how many stadiums were named as finalists for hosting super bowl 50 before the final stadium was chosen ?
what does the film of oxide on metals delay ?
what 's the name of where the rhine branches off near dordrecht ?
what kind of experiments of rock deformation do structural geologists perform ?
in 1755 what fort did british capture ?
what medical appliance can be a concern for oxygen toxicity ?
for which project did deke slayton work with before becoming director of flight crew operations ?
at which super bowl did beyonce headline the halftime show ?
what was the daily distance walked by tesla ?
which material is the gloucester candlestick made from ?
the theatre collection starts from the time of which famous elizabethan playwright ?
what special audio recording was released for the 40th anniversary ?
what is the most critical resource measured to in assessing the determination of a turing machine 's ability to solve any given set of problems ?
who became the first african americans ordained by the methodist church ?
plant cells respond to the molecules associated with pathogens known as what ?
what is one condition that an element p of r must satisfy in order to be considered a prime element ?
what one word did the nfl commissioner use to describe what super bowl 50 was intended to be ?
was the plan formalized ?
where did luther explain his idea of justification ?
how long was warsaw the capital of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth ?
who got a safe conduct pass for luther to come and leave the event ?
what did tesla claim to be able to transmit ?
who was abc great states sold to in 1974 ?
when did zwilling and karistadt become active at wittenberg ?
this type of system is known as
if polynomial time can be utilized within an np-complete problem , what does the imply p is equal to ?
when was the congregation at st. george 's founded ?
in what year was the first doctor who audiobook released ?
what is the lake known as which was created by the rise of the andes mountains ?
what publication published an article about tesla in 1912 ?
what was the the movement called that brought baltic countries independence from the soviet union ?
how fast is pharmacy informatics growing ?
the first episode of doctor who premiered the day after what famous event in history ?
what culture 's arrival in scotland is know as the " davidian revolution " ?
what year did roger de tosny fail to accomplish what he set out to do ?
what is a a developing economy 's level of inequality bulging out called ?
how old was martin luther when he married ?
what was the name of wesley 's famous sermon in which he warned against the dangers of drinking ?
what portion of luther 's last statement was in german ?
in 2012-13 , abc debuted a comedy last man standing starring who ?
what does chlorophyll absorb ?
when did the series of strikes happen ?
what church runs some private schools in victoria ?
during what period the drainage basin of the amazon likely split ?
what theorem states that the probability that a number n is prime is inversely proportional to its logarithm ?
what is the minimum distance between a patient 's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a physician in austria to give out medicine ?
how many volumes does the john crerar library roughly hold ?
what were chao made out of ?
who is given credit for discovering geoglyphs along the amazon river ?
who published tesla 's writings ?
what countries are the doctor who dvds available to purchase ?
who handled the color commentary for denver 's radio stations ?
what is the income inequality gap between genders in botswana ?
what was huihui ?
why did saudi arabia try to increase production , and reduce profits for high cost producers ?
what was restored in the sculpture gallery during its renovated in 2006 ?
what is the process of vaccination also known as ?
what is this invisible radiant energy now known as ?
how many names of ghengis khan 's daughters are known ?
who won the ekstraklasa championship in 2000 ?
what un secretary went to harvard ?
what do statements from the po and member in charge of the bill also indicate ?
what is a main duty of the gphc ?
what is the catholic doctrine of fides caritate formata ?
how old was peyton manning when he played in super bowl 50 ?
what country does the rhine empty ?
what are some causes of reduced immune function in developed countries ?
what is the time rate of change of electric charge ?
where did charles de gaulle and the free french run operations during world war 2 ?
what nationality is the architect enric miralles ?
what does atp mean ?
what does the el centro metropolitan area and san diego-carslbad-san marcos metropolitan area form ?
where did the panthers practice at for super bowl 50 ?
what is the only district in the cbd to not have " downtown " in it 's name ?
what is qed short for ?
which direction does two thirds of the rhine flow outside of germany ?
what are the specific divisors of all even numbers larger than 2 ?
what is a fundamentalist interpretation of islam called ?
in what year did the affiliate program end ?
a small fraction of the cold water flow from lake constance goes to what other lake ?
who caused the dissolution of the holy roman empire ?
what does lack of education lead directly to ?
what expression is generally used to convey upper or lower bounds ?
what year was the new bus station in newcastle officially opened ?
when did the second series of torchwood play ?
what company did worldvision sell a portion of it 's catalogue to in 1990 ?
what would a community member need to teach informally ?
when did levi 's stadium open ?
which video gaming company debuted their ad for the first time during super bowl 50 ?
what was the overly generous royalty amount that tesla had been receiving ?
what did temüjin offer the people he conquered in order earn their loyalty ?
jamboree business parks belongs to which business center ?
how many tons of dust remains in the air ?
in what theoretical machine is it confirmed that a problem in p belies membership in the np class ?
what titles are the president given ?
what gearing was used on steam turbine marine engines in the 20th century ?
the time required to output an answer on a deterministic turing machine is expressed as what ?
how much of the gdp was agriculture in 2005 ?
which network broadcasted super bowl 50 in the u.s. ?
what function is related to prime numbers ?
what did luther claim the church would have to comprise if the law were not taught ?
what was he hoping to stimulate with the toe squishing ?
melatonin during sleep can actively counteract the production of what ?
where was the location of the 2003 rose revolution ?
when was europe 's last major epidemic ?
how old was turkana boy ?
what type of film were excerpts from the show film on ?
who designed the scottish parliament building ?
in which century were the four devonshire hunting tapestries woven ?
what mountain range did genghis khan cross to enter the khwarezmian empire ?
what was the eventual final goal of the apollo projects ?
what did biraben say about the plague in europe ?
what tribe fell apart after temüjin defeated toghrul ?
what did luther state he would not exchange for his life with his wife ?
what additional membranes do secondary chloroplasts have ?
where in dundee will the gallery be located ?
elders in full connection are each a member of what ?
in which year was reverend chauncy hare townshend 's collection of gems was bequeathed to the museum ?
what was the focus of luther 's last sermon ?
which treaty protects the freedom of establishment and the freedom to provide services ?
what is the virus in humans that causes cervical cancer ?
the teacher 's in a platoon style teaching are usually more _____ ?
approximately how many architectural drawings does the v & a hold in its collection ?
how far is fresno city college from the tower district ?
what is necessary for chloroplasts to replicate ?
who is the third riches man in america ?
on whose comments is the posting on the door based ?
how many lead authors does an ipcc report chapter have ?
on what day does the super bowl media day traditionally take place ?
when did they raise the price of oil to $ 5.11 ?
what is the region called that is the largest conurbation of the rhine ?
what was compounding seen as being in the locomotive construction industry ?
since luther believed that the turks were sent by god , what was their purpose ?
which airport is home to the busiest single runway in the world ?
who attempted to arrange a compromise ?
what usually takes reenergized electrons ?
constructing a project that fails to adhere to codes does not benefit whom ?
where did tesla teach in gospic ?
what author did tesla credit for his recovery ?
what do a number of researchers think a shortage of is caused in part by income inequality ?
which is more costly , formal , or informal imperialism ?
what is the irish term for private schools ?
how did the committee raise the money ?
what kind of destruction did the 1994 earthquake cause the most of in us history ?
for which tv season did color first become a dominant format ?
what would need to remain constant in a multiplication algorithm to produce the same outcome whether multiplying or squaring two integers ?
where did martin luther go to school ?
what does man 's justification depend on in faith ?
in which year was the the forest tapestry created ?
in what year did newcomen 's engine pump in a mine ?
with whom was temüjin 's first important alliance ?
who discovered this and where did they come from ?
who is antigone 's father in the play ?
which wireless company had exclusive streaming rights on mobile phones ?
what is a term for schools that receive government assistance ?
who discovered that magnetic and electric could self-generate ?
what previous super bowl halftime show did bruno mars headline ?
who led the kievian rus ' troops against subutai 's mongol army ?
what do x.25 and frame relay both require
how many passengers per year does newcastle 's airport handle ?
who is elected to serve as the presiding officer at the beginning of each parliamentary session ?
where is the european court of justice likely to get inspiration from ?
according to the theory , what does the name " huguenot " mean ?
when was the brotherhood first banned in egypt ?
how much does petroleum account for of the national import bill ?
how much of afghanistan did the taliban take over ?
what is the largest city the rhine runs through ?
what did luther call the revolting peasants ?
who had established the russian empire to its former glory prior to 1921 ?
how many primary affiliates did cbs have in 1954 ?
what is commonly believed to be the value relationship between p and co-np
what major crop was brought to china from the west ?
where have herbivorous fishes been seen feeding on gelatinous zooplankton ?
when did luther waken with more chest pains ?
after the peterloo massacre what poet wrote the massacre of anarchy ?
who is the new companion for the 10th series of the revival ?
the art noveau style of glassware is represented by which two artists ?
what is the united states busiest commercial port ?
what is the population of los angeles ?
where was halford mackinder born ?
what does political pressure push to extend to compensate for stagnating purchasing power ?
is the output of a functional problem typically characterized by a simple or complex answer ?
how do academic results in former model c schools compare to other schools ?
whose needs will the growth in pharmacy informatics meet ?
what needs to be avoided with civil disobedience ?
if roman numerals were used in the naming of the 50th super bowl , which one would have been used ?
what conditions must be met to prescribe a controlled substance ?
why did luther condemn vows of celibacy ?
what team had 244 yards in super bowl xxxv ?
what is only found in peridinin-type chloroplasts ?
what often affects or facilitates ease of analysis in computational problems ?
what is one example of what a clinical pharmacist 's duties entail ?
what company has been hosted at the theatre royal for over 25 years ?
who was the mvp of super bowl i and ii ?
which group keep the eggs are fertilized and kept inside the parent 's body until they hatch ?
what did the engineers fear would be difficult in space due to it never being attempted in earth orbit ?
what icons were reintroduced in series 2 of the revival show ?
how many teams has manning played for that reached the super bowl , while he was on their team ?
what effect does rubisco 's flaw have ?
what does the islamic state lack from the international community ?
when was the special report on managing risks of extreme events and disasters to advance climate change adaptation ( srex ) issued ?
what can a simultaneous hermaphrodite do ?
who found that there was a developed culture of commissioner 's who lacked responsibility ?
what was the name of bohemond 's nephew ?
what happens when the immune system less active than normal ?
what land was ceded to spain ?
the s-ivb-200 was used in what stage of the saturn v ?
what are pharmacists in the united kingdom being increasingly paid for ?
by what means is bulk oxygen shipped ?
who did jochi reportedly enlist to help him stop his father 's massacres ?
who made early colour videos of the show ?
what month and year was apollo 13 launched ?
what was the basis mentioned for the develpment of the general theory of relativity ?
in april 2014 , how many new zealand students attended private schools ?
what day was tesla 's funeral ?
why was abc forced to sell its interests in international networks in the 70s ?
what receptors do tumor cells often have reduced concentrations of ?
what is an abbreviation for the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints ?
what was tesla 's reputation in popular culture ?
what percentage of leukocytes do neutrophils represent ?
how are the pyrenoid and thylakoids arranged ?
what type of combustible materials were considered to have little philogiston ?
what regions do the north-eastern part of the country boarder ?
what comic book series did abc debut in 2013-14 ?
what did luther promise to do as a concession ?
what is another word for centripetal force ?
who was brought it to work on the museum after the death of captain francis fowke ?
what liberal succeeded joseph willard as president ?
what is a way you can show police officers civil disobedience ?
what was the first super bowl branded with roman numerals ?
what year did the khwarezmian empire fall to genghis khan ?
what book did luther read in 1542 ?
whose english translation of the bible did the luther bible influence ?
what computational problem is commonly associated with prime factorization ?
which player was criticized for not jumping into the pile to recover the ball ?
in what year did john and charles wesley come to america to teach the gospel ?
who was limited by denver 's defense ?
how is the climate near the savannah grasslands ?
where was a cinema relocated while repairs were underway ?
what was th elast super bowl where the broncos wore white uniforms ?
how many points did the broncos score in the last three minutes of the game versus pittsburgh ?
what do later versions of the lord 's prayer hymn still use ?
what was sky travel later rebranded as ?
where do pharmacists acquire more preparation following pharmacy school ?
who was the male singer who performed as a special guest during super bowl 50 ?
other than the motion picture and television industry , what other major industry is centered in los angeles ?
who started at tight end for the panthers ?
which of genghis khan 's descendants pushed the mamluks out of palestine ?
what scripture did luther use to back up his opinion that churchmen were not infallible ?
what is the native format for the walt disney company 's us tv properties ?
what needs to be made to ensure poorer members of society can participate in economic growth ?
what is the primary goal of pleading not guilty when arrested for civil disobedience ?
what was the percentage of people that voted in favor of the pico act of 1859 ?
what is the most feared condition that divers want to avoid ?
by how much did labour lead lain gray retain east lothian ?
in what year was the lunar module ( lm ) dropped because it was n't seen as useful ?
what is the term for wind-blown dust in a tundra ?
what gave its name to the 1980s music television program " the tube " ?
what group has no feeding appendages ?
what was the diameter of the saturn v in feet ?
what si the comparison to sea level with the oxygen level in space suits ?
where does the rhine end ?
what flows between bingen and bonn ?
who began publishing doctor who novels in 2005 ?
what team did justin tucker play for ?
what was added to the the church of st. andrew in 1726 ?
what other location did apollo 1 test at besides kennedy space center ?
what is psalm 31:5 ?
how many television and radio channels could the new digital service carry ?
how many megaregions are there in the united states ?
when was the old testament translation finished ?
what theorem defines the main role of primes in number theory ?
who aide the reich in germany in antisemitism ?
in which year did alexander dyce bequeathed his books to the museum ?
what form of death did jamukha hope temüjin would allow him ?
who won super bowl 50 ?
how many other contestants did the company , that had their ad shown for free , beat out ?
what is a genuine love of god with heart , soul and mind ?
what was east and central africa 's economy boosted by ?
what did luther consider christ 's life ?
new cameras were introduced for the game , what degree of view do they provide viewers ?
how would one create an empire by means of imperialism ?
how many languages did tesla know ?
who proposed that innate intertial is the natural state of objects ?
what building materials were used to build the main façade ?
how was sadat rewarded by the islamists for his attempts to bring egypt into modern times and civilization ?
where did he claim the blueprint was stored ?
when did obama finally visit kenya ?
what yard line was a gold color for all teams during the season ?
when was the competence for the union to create criminal sentences for ecological crimes contested ?
what toxin induces apoptosis in the target cell ?
what did lepidodinium viride lose ?
how many beds does the maria sklodowska-curie institute of oncology have ?
what actually causes rigidity in matter ?
what could be attributed to gravity acceleration around the earth ?
vetra and i germanica and xx valeria were the two legions for what ?
what is a twin prime ?
what is the island off of the german shore of the rhine that this warm and cold water meet ?
what festival is held in october in newcastle ?
besides rivers , what shapes the sedimentation of the rivers ?
what did the number of legions in roman times depend on ?
what was happening to subscriber numbers in other areas of europe ?
what role does john elway currently have in the broncos franchise ?
what japanese network did abc purchase a stake in in 1951 ?
where hotel did the panthers stay at ?
what is the largest type of misconduct being reviewed by the media ?
what did he find that could constitute a hazard ?
what western was a flagship program for abc around 1954 ?
how many people live in the greater metropolitan area ?
when did wesley appoint thomas coke as bishop ?
what was the name of france 's primary colony in the new world ?
how many degrees south did the amazon rainforest reach from 66-34 mya ?
what did iqbal fear would weaken the spiritual foundations of islam and muslim society ?
what bridge had a model of it at the super bowl opening night ?
what is victoria 's highest monthly temperature ?
what issue has been plaguing the civil disobedience movement .
what did the increase in skilled workers lead to ?
stretched rocks that pinch into lenses are known by what word ?
which type of law makes eu institutions and its member states follow the law ?
what color was the background for abc 's 1977 id sequence ?
harvard - yale regatta predates " the game " by how many years ?
what is polish for " mermaid " ?
what is the process by which pathogens evade the immune system by hiding inside the host cells called ?
why was tesla returned to gospic ?
of all their agreements with hollywood producers in the 50s , which was the most iconic for abc ?
warner center is located in which area ?
where was the summer theatre located ?
what sorts of items are displayed in the esteve pharmacy museum ?
data from physical experiments can be extrapolated to the field to understand what processes ?
of warsaw 's inhabitants in 1901 , what percentage was catholic ?
who is to blame for acting unjustly ?
who got a 61-yard return when players thought he called for a fair catch but did not ?
when was the colony destroyed ?
what church is located at the corner of 4th and new streets in philadelphia ?
who did the panthers beat in the divisional round ?
what is stress-management training considered to be ?
who is the current governor of victoria ?
manning was the number one pick in which draft ?
what honorary title does bob geldof hold ?
what part of luther 's career was one of his most productive ?
what type of support does co-teaching provide ?
abc created what company as a syndication distributor in response to the fcc 's fin-syn rules ?
how did the kikuyu people live ?
how far west did the mongol empire extend after kuchlug 's demise ?
when is sir pindar 's house dated ?
what type of impact does opportunity-based entrepreneurship tend to have on economic growth ?
in what year did abc submit licenses for 5 television stations ?
what is the most common cause of injury on site ?
in the encoding of mathematical objects , what is the way in which integers are commonly expressed ?
who did tesla partner with in 1886 ?
what was the win/loss ratio in 2015 for the carolina panthers during their regular season ?
which member of parliament explained how the museum would preserve the collection and keep it available to the public ?
where is the most successful agricultural prodcution regions ?
who edited electrical world magazine ?
what period opened the tethys ocean ?
who set up what became the second polish republic ?
what is another general concept that applies to elements of commutative rings ?
how high did the doctor who theme go on the radio charts ?
when was the deportation of acadians ?
how long does the main façade stretch along cromwell gardens ?
what was later discovered written by luther ?
what is the exam at the end of form four ?
was was the plan for langlades mission ?
what helped support the command module with a propulsion engine and propellants ?
what do redistribution mechanisms lead to ?
what did the 18th century huguenot group call themselves ?
in what year did tesla die ?
who did the attacks resonate most with ?
who provided spanish-language commentary alongside raul allegre ?
how did von lettow conduct his group ?
when did bskyb first announce their target goal ?
what did jim gray cover ?
when did luther write an extreme treatise against the jews ?
on what theorem is the formula that frequently generates the number 2 and all other primes precisely once based on ?
what is the term that describes the difference between what higher paid and lower paid professionals earn ?
what was luther 's major work of 60,000 words on the jews ?
what does a country acquire as it develops ?
why did they teach them to grow peas ?
what was loudoun 's plans for 1757 ?
how many votes in total does the council have ?
an msp may introduce a bill as what ?
which entity focused upon the free movement of workers ?
what did the non-afghan veterans returning home have in addition to their prestige ?
what does lgm stands for ?
when was sky digital launched ?
what includes pressure terms when calculating area in volume ?
what naval battles did france lose in 1759 ?
how much did westinghouse pay to license tesla 's designs ?
whose society portraits from the late 19th to early 20th centuries does the v & a hold ?
when did victoria enact its constitution ?
how is genghis khan spelled in turkic ?
what is another type of public key cryptography algorithm ?
who sacked newton a few plays after the challenge ?
what language is spoken in kenya ?
how many of the following three fourth quarter drives after the field goal makng the score 16-10 ended in punts ?
who was the star of the sarah jane adventures ?
what degree did martin luther receive on 19 october , 1512 ?
what certificate is often earned after graduating high school ?
the term " southern " california usually refers to how many of the southern-most counties of the state ?
when was st. john 's cathedral constructed ?
who helped discover the turkana boy ?
who fought in the great northern war ?
the immune system also produces what molecules in order to allow for tumor destruction by the complement system ?
where did american troops remain stationed after saddam 's defeat ?
what did the radical reformers cause in the new order ?
what is the active form of vitamin d known as ?
what are the little tentacles that cydippids have called ?
where are nearly all teachers taught ?
what is a reason for the movement to legalize importing medicines from other countries ?
what did a 1530 royal act restrict shipments of ?
since denver chose white , what colors did carolina wear in super bowl 50 ?
who granted newcastle a new charter in 1589 ?
who received the pass that was ruled incomplete and confirmed after a challenge ?
how did other countries have copies of the show ?
what type of physics model did einstein fail to make ?
if p = np is unsolved , and reduction is applied to a known np-complete problem vis a vis π2 to π1 , what conclusion can be drawn for π1 ?
what was henry iv known as before taking the throne ?
who ruled cyprus in 1191 ?
which newton turnover resulted in seven points for denver ?
who did abc sell it 's recording division to in 1979 ?
what two environmental conditions are controlled in the museum ?
what was tesla , brown and peck 's new company ?
what company confirmed that beyoncé would participate in the super bowl 50 halftime show ?
where were tetzel 's teachings in line with church dogma ?
how much did enrollment increase ?
in 2005 , what did doctor who think the condition of his home planet was ?
what allows the adaptive immune system to react faster and more strongly each subsequent time a pathogen is encountered ?
what did a lot of players need to change during super bowl 50 because of the condition of the field ?
what did all three cathedrals in newcastle begin their existence as ?
which group has two layers of cells with a middle layer of mesoglea ?
which country does the rhine encounter it 's main tributaries ?
what funds can not be used if a teacher is not registered ?
who was made rich and prosperous prior to world war 1
what happens when a person 's capabilities aer lowered , as it relates to their income ?
who was the announcer for westwood one 's super bowl 50 coverage ?
which two compounds did al-muwaffaq differentiate between ?
what is the name of the area that the main campus is centered in cambridge ?
which major cities in eastern europe were not destroyed by the mongol invasion ?
what protection comes after the innate response ?
along with admission , exhaust and compression , what is an event in the engine cycle ?
in what years did spain and portugal join the european union ?
how many nfl teams have finished the regular season with one loss ?
how many sororities belong to the national panhellenic conference ?
when was the defeat of napoleonic france ?
in what decade was seafloor spreading discovered ?
what is another possible explanation for the source of the signals ?
what university won the award for most it enabled organisation ?
when was time warner cable forced to restore abc stations to affected markets ?
along what geographic feature are nine residential houses located ?
the corruption found by the committee of independent experts resulted to the creation of what office ?
what are environmentalists concerned about losing in the amazon forest ?
which provinces in canada limit the rights of pharmacists in prescribing ?
who is usually working together ?
who did rollo sign the treaty of saint-clair-sur-epte with ?
what is the name of harvard 's basketball facility ?
southern californian communities are well known to be large , spread - out , and what other characteristic ?
what was a non-religious reason for the massacre ?
what " dynamic theory " did tesla say he finished in 1937 ?
which part of china had people ranked higher in the class system ?
what does the substitution of equipment for labor raise for workers ?
what did mueller have experience with prior to joining the space program ?
pitt 's plan called for what attacks ?
when did the term imperialism first come to be used by its current definition ?
going to jail accomplished what goal of civil disobedience ?
on where are most tourist attractions focused in victoria ?
what is the most distinctive feature of ctenophora ?
what planet did astrophysisist predict to explain the problems with mercury ?
under what treaty can the european commission take action against member states ?
how many turnovers did the panthers force during the nfc championship game ?
who did the han chinese want to help the mongols fight ?
in what year did abc stop using it 's four-note jingle for promotion ?
who was the famous huguenot theologian and writer in london ?
what was luther involved in dealing with the minds in mansfeld ?
when was the third assessment report published ?
whwn forces are at right ngles to each other what can they be broken down to ?
what was the first team peyton manning began playing for ?
why did the oil ministers agree to a cut in oil production ?
which famous indian practiced civil disobedience ?
why does the rhine water fall into depths at the rheinbrech ?
when was the rhine measurement corrected back to the original ?
when economic inequality is smaller , more waste and pollution is ?
what areas did french recruit natives from ?
when had the brotherhood renounced violence as a means of achieving its goals ?
the bend on the rhine goes from the west to what direction ?
how near to his death was the work published ?
how far do the wildebeest migrate searching for food and water ?
what two artists came out with coldplay during the half-time show ?
who wrote a resounding letter to the elector praising luther ?
what religion 's schools were integrated into new zealand public schools between 1979 and 1984 ?
what social construct did huguenot refugees in canterbury practice ?
from which country did the rococo augustus rex bureau cabinet come from ?
what type of shadow does the north pennines cast ?
what type of number generators make use of prime numbers ?
what direction did watson say the mistake went in ?
what do you have to cross to reach the chloroplast in many secondary plastids ?
where did france win a war in the 1950 's
what are the tentacles of cydipped ctenophores are usually fringed with ?
what religion 's schools does the term 'parochial schools ' generally refer to ?
what are the most passes that greg olsen has had ?
a molecular phylogeny analysis confirmed that cydippid are not what ?
how do structural geologists observe the fabric within the rocks ?
how has this debate been proven ?
what notable private school has an endowment of several hundred million dollars ?
what month , every four years , are the ordinary general elections held on ?
when do chloroplasts spread out flat ?
what cultures were part of kublai 's administration ?
polynomial time reductions are an example of what ?
what did a survey of north american lutherans find that lutherans felt about jews compared to other minority groups ?
what was the total nominal gdp of warsaw in 2010 ?
what kind of universities is the region famous for ?
who said people involved in the ozone situation had " a better understanding of scientific ignorance and uncertainties " ?
what are the sky q mini set top boxes able to connect to ?
which cidippid is used as a description on ctenophores in most textbooks ?
new techniques of building construction are being researched , made possible by advances in what ?
who established the amount of prime numbers in existence ?
how many customaries does norman customary law have ?
with what european country did the huguenots feel kinship for emigration to ?
in what does the doctrine of legitimate expectations have roots ?
what was the name of the play performed in the 1970 's ?
what city is tied with miami for hosting the super bowl ?
in which year did the v & a received the talbot hughes collection ?
what is the first model of education , in the australian system ?
what year did consolidation cause jacksonville to become part of duval county ?
when is the last time a fumble return touchdown happened in a super bowl ?
what is the translation of oude maas ?
when did luther start preaching prophetic faith ?
what year did the denver broncos secure a super bowl title for the third time ?
how many campuses does the california state university have ?
what language is used in chinese secondary schools in malaysia ?
disruptions in sleep can lead to increase in what chronic conditions ?
what conservative international relations scholar is also a university alumni ?
what year was the song fog on the tyne released ?
what tribes were in father le loutre 's war ?
on what date was the record low temperature in fresno ?
what format do hearst television 's abc affiliates transmit in ?
how many photographic plates comprise the animal locomotion collection ?
how did the united states plan to subdue imperialistic tendencies ?
what is the area called near the rhine gorge with castles from the middle ages ?
how much area does the university library garden cover ?
prior to this consideration , when did san francisco last host a super bowl ?
what was the museum originally called ?
who did luther view to be the antichrist ?
what is the name of the desert city ?
where was american broadcasting-paramount theatres , inc headquartered after the merger ?
what have some plants repurposed the peptidoglycan layer genes for ?
what was the first problem astronauts encountered during the plugs-out test ?
what is michael carrick and alan shearer 's profession ?
what was the premise of woodrow wilson 's inquiry ?
what order did british make of french ?
along with wear , what development makes it difficult to seal the rotors in an engine that lacks pistons ?
in 1972 , did norway end up joining the european union ?
what chinese dynasty did the mongols found ?
approximately how many items are in the glass collection of the v & a ?
what else was publically questioned ?
what approach did oppenheimer advocate ?
what was the name of watt 's partner ?
what was the name given to a section of kearney boulevard in efforts to change the areas image ?
what is defined as the majority vote ?
who was the espn deportes sideline commentator for super bowl 50 ?
why do some tribes use remote sensing technology ?
what injury did thomas davis suffer from repeatedly , for a total of three times , during his career ?
who designed the garden for the university library ?
who led the mongolian borjigin clan ?
where were the devonshire hunting tapestries made ?
what is partially responsible for weakened immune response in older individuals ?
what is a common punishment in singapore ?
what are the two symbols that signify pharmacy in english-speaking countries ?
what gender is less willing to travel or relocate for work ?
how do members vote when there is a division ?
what did the court of justice reason were controlled in all member states in josemans v burgemeester van maastricht ?
what is the name of another type of prime here p+1 or p-1 takes a certain shape ?
when did the last glacial start ?
how many chloroplast lineages are there ?
which mobile service were verizon customers able to watch super bowl 50 on their phones ?
what other event made the bbc concerned that viewers had not seen the premier of doctor who ?
what work from around 300 bc has significant theorems about prime numbers ?
in what year did roger rocka 's dinner theater & good company players open ?
what is the process of turning co2 into organic molecules called ?
what modern formations do geologists study ?
who led the panthers in sacks ?
what is an example of a controlled substance ?
how many fraternities are apart of the university ?
how many plant species are estimated to be in the amazon region ?
approximately how books did alexander dyce bequeathed to the museum ?
where are the specialized cells that eliminate cells that recognize self-antigens located ?
other than surf , what other culture is southern california home to ?
who was the chairman and ceo of disney in 2002 ?
what was the yuan 's paper money called ?
president johnson issued an executive order to rename the launch operations center after whom ?
why does a lower level of economic growth occur due to high-end consumption ?
who noticed that luther 's view of the soul after death differed from later theologians ?
what is another name for the yosemite freeway ?
what was the name for the new radio concept designed by allen shaw ?
what was the recorded length of the first spark ?
when did khan establish the great yuan ?
what company was this the last super bowl they would let customers have an opportunity to get their own commercial ideas aired ?
what type of numeral did the latest super bowl use to designate the game number ?
what did temüjin offer jamukha after the latter 's defeat ?
how long is the term of a judicial council member ?
can the president of the council vote on important matters related to the european central bank ?
what former mvp was shown in the locker room ?
how many hymns did luther write for the first choral hymnal ?
who is best able to leverage the accumulation of wealth ?
what is one example of an instance that the quantitative answer to the traveling salesman problem fails to answer ?
what is the annual construction industry revenue in 2014 ?
where did tesla move in 1881 ?
the sand bernardino - riverside area maintains what kind of district ?
what plans of the british did this attach on oneida carry set back ?
other than its main central business district , where are the majority of san diego 's business districts located ?
where do plenary meetings take place ?
was the skylab assembled on earth 's surface or in space ?
what was the name of bskyb 's digital service launched under ?
who was hired to be the deputy director of the office of manned space flight ?
which monarchs was the victoria and albert museum named after ?
how much did edison offer tesla to redesign a motor and generators ?
what hymn did luther write after the martyrdom of esch and voes ?
what party is president kibaki part of ?
what was the time limit on luther 's recantation of sentences ?
when did buyantu resume testing potential government employees ?
who did denver beat in the 2015 afc championship game ?
what year did bskyb acquire sky italia ?
what types of pharmacy functions have begun to be outsourced ?
what is an example of an enzyme that can transform skin cells into tumors when expressed at high levels ?
what type of relationships do enthusiastic teachers cause ?
what gorge is between the bingen and bonn ?
what team received the opening kickoff ?
according to a 1955 review , what were savings by the wealthy thought to offset ?
how are cyanobacteria sometimes wrongly described ?
where do cryptophyte chloroplasts store starch ?
which type of climate may have allowed the rainforest to spread across the continent ?
there is a public database of epitopes for pathogens known to be recognizable by what cells ?
when did lev 's stadium open ?
who destroyed the most valuable relics in the mausoleum during the cultural revolution ?
what is an example of a parasite that used the antigenic variation strategy to evade destruction ?
what radio station do the students of newcastle 's two universities run ?
how large was the audience bskyb said they could reach ?
what can be combined with geophysical data to produce a better view of the subsurface ?
in what treatment are nonconservative and conservative forces described ?
who did luther banish ?
how many volumes are contained in the library ?
what did neoclassical economics view the inequality in the distribution of income as being from ?
what theory was arrived at in 1811 that presented the assumption of diatomic molecules ?
who translated and printed luther 's 95 these ?
infrastructure is often called what ?
which uses of sculpture are represented in the collection ?
who in warsaw has the power of legislative action ?
who was the leader when the franks entered the euphrates valley ?
what does the local council hope will help cut down traffic congestion in newcastle ?
in what calcium containing body part is oxygen a part ?
what made ohio country vulnerable ?
which fullback fumbled the ball after a darian stewart tackle ?
what type of undergarment , if any , was included into the apollo spacesuit ?
what was the final score of super bowl xxxiii ?
why is warsaw 's flora very rich in species ?
around roughly how many students enroll yearly in creative and performing arts classes ?
who was the first quarterback to take two teams to more than one super bowl ?
when did wjz-tv in nyc begin broadcasting ?
who pointed out that the passage under dispute actually refers to a living man ?
what list was warsaw 's old town inscribed onto in 1980 ?
what do chloroplasts use their ribosomes for ?
what is the translation of siebengebirge ?
which network began airing the tgif comedy family matters for the 1997-98 season ?
who had the most receptions out of all players for the year ?
how much of the population in the middle east died of the plague ?
what is the name of the professional skateboarder that lives in southern california ?
the paintings donated by john sheepshanks were by artists of which nationality ?
what did did article 34 discriminate against in procureur du roi v dassonville ?
to what can the use of prolonged breathing of oxygen at 60 kpa lead ?
what tv host and writer went to harvard ?
to which year is the becket casket dated ?
what are the two primary constitutional sources of the european union ?
how was coal transferred from the river banks to colliers ?
who is the play-by-play announcer for the game ?
what plants create most electric power ?
what plateau has groups of clay pits ?
what was the capital of the mongol empire ?
how many households has kids under the age of 18 living in them ?
what street does nikolaus pevsner think is one of the finest in england ?
what can be seen between hadrons ?
where did johnson stop ?
when did archbishop albrecht send luther 's letter containing the 95 theses to rome ?
which countries were the european coal and steel community agreement between ?
in what year did tesla go to budapest ?
what trade was the city an important center of in the 14th century ?
which amino acids contain sulfur ?
when did the sarah jane series begin ?
what anthropologists are also university alumni members ?
point conception is an example of a landmark among what boundary of southern california ?
what does the word prime generally suggest ?
the loss of edinburgh pentlands really disappointed whom the most ?
what injury did the carolina panthers lose kelvin benjamin to during their preseason ?
the presence or absence of what can be used to determine the relative age of the formations in which they are found ?
what is the gender income inequality in bahrain ?
how many academic majors does the university grant in total ?
when did the steven spielberg movie duel first debut ?
how does the ipcc prepare special reports ?
where did the broncos practice for the super bowl ?
a specific algorithm demonstrating t ( n ) represents what measure of time complexity ?
what is the least number of members a board of trustees can have ?
what did luther think the study of law meant ?
when did the fcc freeze incoming applications for new stations ?
what body of water sat to the west of the mongol empire when genghis khan died ?
who did the u.s. collaborate with on an earth orbit mission in 1975 ?
what profession did martin 's father want his son to pursue ?
how many days after gagarin 's flight did the us house committee on science and astronautics meet ?
what is an islamic revival movement ?
the present mediterranean sea descends from what sea ?
when did genghis khan become great khan ?
where is energiprojekt ab based ?
where was melanchthon at the time ?
did tesla graduate from the university ?
where is 97 % of the population located ?
what was the name of the other hd channel virgin media could carry in the future ?
when was the large work published ?
what is the immune system ?
who may be a spiritual teacher in the lds church ?
what color jersey has denver 0-4 ?
what entity began producing television series for abc in 1962 ?
what year was st. nicholas ' lantern tower made ?
when did kublai ban the international mongol slave trade ?
what type of value would the zeta function have if there were finite primes ?
who did the broncos play in the last week of the regular season ?
what did albrecht need the indulgences to pay for ?
what is the name of the holding company for bskyb ?
where are reserved matters stated in the scotland act ?
which is one of the park features located in north fresno ?
who played doctor who on stage in the 70 's ?
who was genghis khan 's father ?
what program helped develop space travel techniques that project apollo used ?
how many of the schools in newcastle are independent ?
in the layered model of the earth there are seismic discontinuities in which layer ?
what does the sector known as jua kali engage in ?
what century did the normans first gain their separate identity ?
how many french colonists were gained by british ?
to what type of organisms is oxygen toxic ?
what do platyctenida use their pharynx for ?
what do etioplasts have instead of chlorophyll ?
who wanted israel to withdraw from its border ?
what football program was debuted by abc in 1970 ?
what flows between the bingen and bonn ?
what type of parenting role does a teacher take on ?
what kind of territories are being destroyed by ecocide in the amazon ?
what did some of the islamist groups supported by the west later become to be seen as ?
what gets transferred to students who are receptive to the teacher ?
what republic has maintained its control of iran ?
along with canada and the united kingdom , what country generally does n't refer to universities as private schools ?
what came into force after the new constitution was herald ?
what is the only dinophyte that has a non-rhodoplast chloroplast ?
what organization has continued to be a major disruptive force in palestine ?
which genus is considered the " aunt " of ctenophores ?
what second part of air was deemed lifeless by lavoisier ?
how many sources of european union law are there ?
stephen eilmann asks why show public civil disobedience instead what is a better idea ?
what is the name brand of the personal video recorder that bskyb offers ?
where was tesla studying when he started playing cards and billiards ?
what does co-teaching get the students to focus on ?
how many picks did peyton manning throw in the season ?
which sized cars were the least demanded cars in the crisis ?
what type of conservation effort is gaining attention in the amazon ?
what was free movement increasingly based on ?
what is a synonym for chloroplast dna ?
what does high levels of inequality do for economic growth in richer countries ?
who did president kibaki run against ?
in which county does jacksonville reside ?
what did the apple system assign automatically
what type of engines became widespread around the end of the 19th century ?
what do carotenoids absorb ?
what were the reasons why residents moved to the town of fresno station ?
to what may general global fields be transferred to or from ?
communication complexity is an example of what type of measure ?
when did the undergraduate program become coeducational ?
what is the average age of people who live in newcastle ?
for what league does abc broadcast games on christmas day ?
what do photocytes produce ?
how much does a probationer earn , initially ?
what type of process was involved the the depletion of the sun 's oxygen 16 ?
the university of chicago library system has how many libraries in total ?
who elects the members of the european parliament ?
what are the exceptions in the constitution that require special considerations to amend ?
what radio station in south carolina carried the super bowl 50 game ?
what responsibilities are pharmacists believed to be taking on more in the future ?
where does the rhine begin ?
having existing utility lines marked lessens the likelihood of what ?
when did tesla depart graz ?
how many weight rooms are in the malkin athletic center
in what century did mayow and boyle perform their experiments ?
what did thoreau claim about the majority ?
what did luther 's answer to the antinomians reaffirms ?
what kind of memory was tesla thought to have ?
how high in miles did the first block , as-201 , reach when launched ?
where was tesla 's new lab ?
what organization did iqbal join in london ?
who teaches in secondary schools ?
how many intercollegiate sports does harvard compete in ncaa division i
what does rajan feel has created deep financial fault lines ?
what is the observable effect of w and z boson exchange ?
who gave a negative connotation to civil disobedience in recent history ?
what was the last name of the player who took the ball away from newton late in the fourth quarter ?
what are harvard 's pell grant reserves ?
what meteorologist was also apart of the university 's faculty ?
when did the egyptian islamic jihad assassinate anwar sadat ?
what date were the top two stadium choices for super bowl 50 announced ?
what other invention of tesla 's did westinghouse license ?
what test is especially useful for numbers of the form 2p - 1 ?
when was the last plague outbreak ?
which panther tipped a manning pass to himself and picked it off ?
what was the name of the upgraded saturn i called ?
how many paintings did john sheeshanks give to the museum ?
what story was the first doctor who audio release based on ?
how many total judges are there in the eu ?
who led the most rapid expansion of the mongol empire ?
what is the service sector dominated by ?
who analyzes rock samples from drill cores in the lab ?
where did the residents of antioch flee to ?
what type of treaty was the lisbon treaty ?
above what horsepower are steam turbines usually more efficient than steam engines that use reciprocating pistons ?
what proclamation abolished protestantism in france ?
which english sculptor who became the leading portrait sculptor in regency era britain is represented in the v & a collection ?
how many people attended the 2003 ipcc meeting ?
along with a desire for more steam pressure , what were early drivers looking to generate when they fastened safety valves down ?
what did tesla electric light & manufacturing do ?
what was the disneyland anthology series retitled in 1958 ?
french church street is in what irish town ?
how did denver score at the end of the drive ?
what is kenya 's literacy rate ?
how much did san francisco get for providing services for the super bowl ?
what do all member states agree takes precedence over national law ?
how many hours can one expect to ride the train from newcastle to king 's cross ?
who does the wage gap between genders provide an advantage ?
how many base pairs are there in chromatophore dna ?
who holds an annual international arts fair in newcastle ?
what proportion did detached homes rise in 2010 ?
how much did westinghouse pay for tesla 's patents in order to escape its financial problems ?
for what occasion was he put on the cover ?
the cast courts display plaster casts of what objects ?
after huguenots fled france , their last remaining bastion was where ?
how did the education during the high school education movement differ from the subsequent high school education ?
on what scale would scientists show measurements of vegetation ?
how long is the rhine ?
the immune systems of bacteria have enzymes that protect against infection by what kind of cells ?
why do polar water bodies support a higher amount of life ?
what are other major fatality causes ?
what car is licensed by the fso car factory and built in egypt ?
when did luther broaden his attacks to include core church doctrines ?
what year did roger goodell announce that super bowl 50 would be " important " ?
at the time of its formation , how many members did the umc have ?
how many turnovers did cam newton have ?
what new technology allowed abc to pre-record its shows ?
how many miles south of san jose is the north - south midway point located ?
when is the wianki festival held ?
how many yards did brad nortman 's punt travel ?
who ran the ball twice for 20 yards on this drive ?
there have been major changes in amazon rainforest vegetation over the last how many years ?
tibetan art from which period is represented in the v & a collection ?
to ensure safety of future space missions oxygen was used at _____ of the normal pressure .
who composed the original doctor who theme ?
under which courts is most eu law applied ?
in what year was the joe and rika mansueto library constructed ?
what has presented problems to the us economy more than other nations ?
who are committees comprised of ?
how do private schools in ireland differ from most ?
what magnetic and electric force acts on a charge ?
why has the corruption not be in the public view ?
why was polonia relegated from the country 's top flight in 2013 ?
in u.s. states , what happens to the life expectancy in less economically equal ones ?
who wrote the poem the mark of anarchy ?
who was the founder of cbs ?
how old were the fossils found in china ?
what two governors agreed to a truce to protect their young colonies ?
when were x-rays discovered ?
why was the merit network formed in michigan
which year did the price of oil drop to $ 10 per barrel ?
when did bskyb end their analogue service ?
when was the royal university of warsaw established ?
what soap operas did abc cancel in 2011 ?
who made the first to measure value of the newton universal gravitation constant ?
when did delegates to the world methodist council vote to adopt the joint declaration on the doctrine of justification ? "
what happened to apollo 13 ?
how many broadcast television partners does the nfl have ?
what types of responsibilities might a pharmacy technician have ?
over how many species of trees can be found in the saxon garden ?
what consequence of establishing the scottish parliament applies to scottish mps sitting in the uk house of commons ?
what type of locomotive was salamanca ?
after 2007 how much do student from families earning less than $ 60,000 pay for school ?
what group killed thousands of huguenots ?
what is the name for a form of oxygen in which electrons are paired ?
in what year is the oldest pharmacy said to have been established ?
what is the name of the country 's longest continuously running student film society ?
how many firms were existing in 2005 ?
what stature did pharmacists have in the pre-heian imperial court ?
what radio network was rca using to eliminate competition in 1940 ?
in the wake of the jacksonville fire , what did the florida governor do ?
the number of new huguenot colonists declined after what year ?
what parts of a conventional reciprocating steam engine could be replaced by a pistonless rotary engine ?
in general , what were teachers paid in the past ?
what are chares ?
who is the chair of the ipcc ?
what work of luther 's became popular ?
how many of jacksonville 's city residents are younger than 18 ?
what caused luther to write hymns ?
how many us presidents are alumni of the school ?
the west saw the east as what ?
where was the v & a transferred to from its original location at marlborough house ?
century city is an example of a district that belongs to which city ?
who was delegated command of the mongol forces against the jin dynasty ?
what would change the rotational inertia of a body under newton 's first law of motion ?
what happens to the gdp growth of a country if the income share of the top 20 percent increases , according to imf staff economists ?
along with tuition , scholarships , vouchers , donations and grants , where does funding for private schools come from ?
what term corresponds to the maximum measurement of time across all functions of n ?
how many huguenots emigrated to north america as colonists ?
from what landmark within fresno does the tower theatre get its name ?
when did augustus die ?
what did luther tell monks and nuns about their vows ?
what percentage of oxygen is usually supplied by a medical mask ?
what is kmj now referred to ?
where does the amazon region rate among the entire earth for its amount of biodiversity ?
how many times was cam newton sacked ?
who might be responsible for student discipline ?
who did the sign language of the national anthem at super bowl 50 ?
a strike by what entity resulted in a halt to production for network programs in the 2007-2008 season ?
what performer lead the super bowl xlviii halftime show ?
what symbol was employed until early in the 20th century ?
who else did tesla make the acquaintance of in 1886 ?
who ruined roussel de bailleul 's plans for an independent state ?
levels of what things are used to determine emission factors ?
what year did levi 's stadium become fully approved to host super bowl 50 ?
what are some other factors a pharmacist must monitor ?
what year was the invasion originally shown ?
by justification certain racial and geographical theories , europe thought of itself as what ?
in what city 's marriott did the panthers stay ?
who did a pressurized oxygen cabin fire kill ?
what theatre was the best example of " polish monumental theatre " ?
who is the governor of india 's central bank ?
who did luther call on to stop the revolt ?
what does it mean for a disease to be enzootic ?
what caused the spread of the jacksonville fire in 1901 ?
what type of architecture is the palace of four windows an impressive example of ?
in what year did the scavenger hunt begin ?
what is the highest court in the united methodist denomination ?
when did tugh temur die ?
how many vice presidents are in the board of trustees ?
where were the germanic tribes originally located ?
in what year did lavoisier publish his work on combustion ?
in what meeting did shirley lay out plans for 1756 ?
which episode featured the return of william hartnell ?
when did abc and disney 's television relationship lapse ?
what was the purpose of csnet
what is the height of the section that turns north ?
when was the edict of worms presented ?
how many uk viewers watched the doctor who film ?
by what method did maududi want to change the hearts and minds of individuals ?
mhc antigens on normal body cells are recognized by what receptor on nk cells ?
which 's of genghis khan 's successors could not be successor because of his age ?
what is not considered appropriate disclipine ?
what is important for a teacher to enjoy ?
what about luther declined as his antisemitism increased ?
when did papal nuncio karl von miltitz get luther to make concessions ?
what is the name of the delta in the netherlands ?
what is the biggest abc subchannel affiliate by the size of markets ?
how many naval bases are located in jacksonville ?
what was the population density in 2000 ?
comb like bands of cilia are called what ?
female sex hormones are immunostimulators of which immune responses ?
what does turning sideways protect chloroplasts from ?
what play showed an early depiction of civil disobedience ?
when did the general conference of the methodist episcopal church split into two conferences ?
what kind of cell did cynaobacteria enter long ago ?
during the compression stage of the rankine cycle , what state is the working fluid in ?
what was french population in north america ?
when was the upper rhine sold to burgundy ?
what was luther 's disputation of martin luther on the power and efficacy of indulgences later called ?
where is british english usually used ?
where do juvenile platyctenids live ?
between which two streets along kearney boulevard were wealthy african-americans at one time residing ?
what two women were defying the pharaoh in the story from the book of exodus ?
what country did the normans invade in 1169 ?
how many times did southern california attempt to achieve a separate statehood ?
what is one of the supplementary sources of european union law ?
what is the primary purpose of chloroplasts ?
which type of school has a closer teacher-child relationship ?
which part of the v & a collection did the salting bequest enhanced ?
what part of cryptophyte chloroplasts is similar to chlorarachniophytes ?
how many people died of plague in paris in 1466 ?
what did the dutch health authorities regard as unnecessary in geraets-smits v stichting ziekenfonds ?
what architecture type came before norman in england ?
what cbs show followed the super bowl ?
when was a patent-sharing agreement signed between westinghouse electric and general electric ?
who was the leader of the islamist regime in sudan ?
what leader of the swiss reformation was a student of lefevre ?
what does the bolinopsis generally eat ?
when did abc begin making family-oriented series ?
when did great britain lose its colonies in north america ?
what was one of tesla 's books where articles can be read ?
what term referred to middle class citizens leaving the suburbs ?
what is the immune system of the brained known as ?
who decides how land or property is allowed to be used ?
how much did the statement predict global surface temperature would increase by 2100 ?
what term is shorthand for antibody generators ?
what happens first if a directive 's deadline for implementation is not met ?
what color was used to emphasize the 50th anniversary of the super bowl ?
what did lady gaga sing ?
how many kilometers of acres of the ecuadorian rainforest is supported ?
what type of discipline do critics want to see ?
what physical quantities do not have direction ?
what is a statocyst ?
vaccination exploits what feature of the human immune system in order to be successful ?
how many major immune responses do plants have ?
mazda , mitsubishi and isuzu joined partnership with which american car company ?
where did mongke khan attack the song dynasty ?
what was maxwell 's job ?
who has released official reconstructions of doctor who episodes ?
the design team is most commonly employed by who ?
who claimed luther 's writings were a blueprint of actions against jews ?
what is the result of the calvin cycle ?
when had the plague reached alexandria ?
what is the paper written by richard karp in 1972 that ushered in a new era of understanding between intractability and np-complete problems ?
what did austpac support
what chemist managed to make enough liquid oxygen to use for study ?
one of the sites , merceds-benz superdome , is located where ?
what does high levels of inequality do to growth in poor countries ?
what does the marginal value added by an economic actor determine ?
which carolina panthers player was named most valuable player ?
what was developed for the air force
what is 565 °c the creep limit of ?
what years did doctor who win five consecutive awards ?
why did tesla begin investigating invisible energy ?
who challenges the notion of the kuznets curve hypothesis ?
when did abc announce the restructure of abc radio ?
who did luther remind the peasants to obey ?
when was the suspension by fifa lifted ?
where did the earliest item in the v & a glass collection come from ?
what impacts gender inequality in wages ?
were the restored tapes able to have color added to them to enhance the picture or did they remain black and white ?
when did bskyb launch it 's hdtv service ?
what city , along with hamilton , wellington and christchurch , is one of the largest in new zealand ?
what should be the main goal of not using punishment in a just system ?
what was the proportion of huguenots to catholics at their peak ?
what is a mechanical barrier in insects that protects the insect ?
what makes the wells fargo center stand out ?
what is luther 's opinion of what the law covers ? ?
what century did the name of the rhine come from ?
what is the unproven assumption generally ascribed to the value of complexity classes ?
what ctenophore was accidentally introduced into the black sea ?
a multi-tape turing machine requires what type of time for a solution ?
when were the wars of religion fought ?
what happened to his lab ?
what value does the seperating into fermions and bosons depend ?
if you were to take a train west or south out of the city of fresno , which railroad would you take ?
what company reached a deal to also stream its abc affiliates ?
along with mills and mines , in what industrial locations did steam drive machines ?
what is the name of world renowned cellist is a former harvard student ?
what 's the average decibel level of noise in newcastle ?
what was the outcome of living in the california redwood tree ?
when did the san francisco bay area last host the super bowl ?
what is an example of a virus that uses antigenic variation ?
what year was jamukha surrendered to temüjin ?
how many days did the warsaw uprising last ?
who published the state of the planet 2008-2009 report ?
leonard goldenson announced a merger proposal with what company in december 1965 ?
what was the cause for the issues with city funding ?
what is european union law ?
in what year was the world 's columbian exposition ?
where is the abc four-note jingle still in use ?
what was tymnet
who normally manages a construction job ?
when was the muslim brotherhood founded ?
what event did storch and muntzer help instigate ?
what is a recent civil disobedience done in a group form ?
of what form do fermat numbers take ?
what is nsfnet
when many people are arrested , what is a common tactic negotiating ?
into what religion was martin luther baptized ?
what did the general conference on weights and measures name after tesla in 1960 ?
what was one of theories as to what caused tesla 's father 's unspecified illness ?
in 2005 , approximately how many congregations were in the umc ?
how many times had thomas davis torn his acl in his career ?
friedrich ratzel thought imperialism was what for the country ?
how did luther describe the university of erfurt ?
who had a 12-yard rush on this drive ?
how did their lawyer suggest they would plea ?
what governor in charge of new france died in 1752 ?
what agreement was made for trade with natives and british ?
what was the name of the eastern half of the colony of 1788 ?
the administrators and directors gilruth , von braun and debus reported to who ?
what happened to the crew onboard during the plugs-out test ?
what yuan policies did muslims dislike ?
what were shipbuilding and engineering important to newcastle for in the 19th century ?
what process is responsible for the planet 's oxygen content ?
what type of intervention would changing the work environment be ?
what force changes an objects direction of travel ?
what did jamukha request from temüjin instead of friendship ?
how do some scholars view the nazi use of luther 's work ?
which timeline is further expanded in the fourth scale ?
taking evidence from witnesses is one of committees ' what ?
what kind of chloroplasts do euglenophytes have ?
what branch of theoretical computer science deals with broadly classifying computational problems by difficulty and class of relationship ?
which years did tesla refer to as a time of terrible headaches and bitter tears ?
what did the conflict galvanize muslims around the world to do ?
where was the location of the colonial government that administered the new colony ?
when did the dfds ferry service to sweden case operation ?
what property of the harmonic series 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4 + ... shows that there is an infinite number of primes ?
where was the baltimore christmas conference of 1784 held ?
what route connects fresno with the california central valley ?
in what episode was the fifth doctor confirmed ?
which tree species is planted in the two corners by the north facade ?
what abc division handles domestic television distribution ?
in what year did savery patent his steam pump ?
in what venue did the nfl experience take place ?
is the focus on spiritual mentorship in hinduism high or low ?
after the lisbon treaty , the charter and the convention now co-exist under what ?
who created the photographic series titled animal locomotion ?
how high on the charts did the mankind version of the theme go ?
in what complexity class do complement problems of np problems exist ?
under which policy are labor unions encouraged ?
what was the name of the first huguenot church in the new world ?
what type of people were being brought back to the way of truth ?
by which year did chrysler ended its full sized luxury model ?
how did hobson argue to rid the world of imperialism ?
what team lost super bowl xxxiii ?
what was the first series to be televised in color on abc ?
what two railroads have railyards in the city of fresno ?
which louisiana venue was one of three considered for super bowl 50 ?
a teacher 's spark may create a spark where ?
along with diesel engines , what engines have overtaken steam engines for marine propulsion ?
who was the 2015 nfl mvp ?
what was the nationality of jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont ?
when was the battle of frankenhausen ?
thousands of madrasahs spawned what organization ?
what place had the norman arab architectural style ?
what was a happy days spinoff that debuted in the 1980s on abc ?
what is the name of the law which imposed the speed limit ?
prior to super bowl 50 , what was the last super bowl in california ?
at what rank does gps per capita set victoria ?
on what streets is the abc headquarters located
in which year were rodin 's works given to the v & a ?
who helped find sponsors and donors to help with the cost ?
which new subdivision of abc films produced programming for u.s. syndication ?
who ends up getting more of the teacher 's resources in this scenario ?
what kind of arches does norman architecture have ?
how many stations did boston have in 1952 ?
which company did tesla work for in 1881 ?
the censuring of the santer commission resulted in which main case ?
how far is newcastle 's airport from the center of town ?
what nominal title did yuan emperors have ?
what is the name of the property where the media event was held for super bowl 50 ?
bedau notes that illegal protests towards public policy may serve as what purpose ?
what is the name of the post-independence government school system in malaysia ?
how fast were the winds around st. augustine in the 1964 hurricane ?
what date was super bowl opening night held ?
who did the churches claim had suggested expulsion of jews from germany ?
cristian bay 's encyclopedia concludes that civil disobedience does not only include what behavior ?
when did tesla admit to a reporter that maybe he 'd sacrificed too much by not having a relationship ?
who has elected the president of warsaw since 1990 ?
what is one result of civil rebellion ?
each deacon in full connection is a member of what ?
what caused the delay during the development of the ac motor .
what percentile of gross domestic product is construction comprised of ?
besides viniculture , what is the other dominate economic sector in the middle rhine ?
a growing number of new forms of procurement involves what ?
what began in 1527 when luther introdued the new order of worship ?
what tactic did researchers employ to offset the former deficit of work surrounding the complexity of algorithmic problems ?
how many french people were lost to plague between 1628-31 ?
how did the mongols acquire chinese printing technology ?
what type of punishment is sometimes offered to civil disobedients ?
what are some normal breakfast foods ?
which task force states that pornography is harmful ?
how many possible bids for the prize were there in 1915 ?
which country is not badly hit by the embargo ?
in what compound is oxygen found in small amounts in the atmosphere ?
when did the formation of the holocene rhine-meuse delta begin ?
what type of delta is the rhine-meuse ?
where is the only jewish synagogue located ?
who is the trophy featured on the logo named for ?
when did costa v enel take place ?
how much did silas b. cobb pledge to the university ?
how many of the prior super bowl mvps appeared together at the pregame show ?
who sacked cam newton at the end of the half ?
what was the year when tesla went back to smiljan ?
what company relaunched who wants to be a millionaire as a syndicated program ?
what has technological innovation and automation replaced low-skilled jobs with ?
how much success did this expedition with braddock find ?
what were the first local stations to offer streams of their programming on watch abc ?
what was the white population of jacksonville as of 2010 ?
who has criticized ordering from online pharmacies that do n't require prescriptions ?
who announced the game play-by-play for super bowl 50 ?
what is located within this district ?
at the time of its formation , how many congregations did the umc have ?
what is the atmosphere in a school using popularly based authority ?
who is credited with the modern name for this system
how would the word apothecary be viewed by contemporary english speakers ?
in 2007 , what was the high end of the salary range ?
2 differences betwen x.25 and arpnet cita technologies
how much resources were french placing in north america ?
the papers of which famous english writer of children 's books such as the tale of peter rabbit are collected in the museum ?
what creatures were the most popular monsters in the series ?
when was the european portion of the seven years war complete ?
when did building activity occur on st. kazimierz church ?
what hypothesis is associated with the complexity class of p viewed as a mathematical abstraction with efficient algorithmic functionality ?
how many research institutes does the university run on campus ?
how was religion handled in the mongol empire ?
which count did the prince strike an arrangement with ?
what do the devonshire hunting tapestries depict ?
what is the name of the supposition that there are infinite pairs of primes whose difference is 2 ?
whose thesis states that the solution to a problem is solvable with reasonable resources assuming it allows for a polynomial time algorithm ?
what is the earliest known movie featuring scenes filmed outdoors in newcastle ?
what did luther think reason could not be used to test ?
where did ht fail to pull off a bloodless coup in 1974 ?
who is the designer of the " 50 ? "
who did the broncos beat to win their division in 2015 ?
what is prevenient grace ?
which seasons is the bbc missing a total of 79 episodes ?
what law staes that forces are interactions between bodies ?
who was the receiver on the successful 2-point conversion ?
health problems were lower in places with higher levels of what ?
which descendants of genghis khan tried to dissociate themselves from the mongol massacres in the middle east ?
who followed matt smith in the role of doctor who ?
what is the oldest methodist church in continuous use in the united states ?
what talk show followed immediately after super bowl 50 on cbs ?
his poem is considered the first kind of what type of protest ?
who was upt forced to separate themselves from in 1949 ?
who was philip i ?
when was tesla 's innovative motor patented ?
orientalism refers to how the west developed a what of the east ?
what is the name of the organization in charge of running the clubs at the university ?
what is the prophecy in daniel that interested luther ?
what is one criminal behavior that is hard to stop by authorities ?
what type of lenses were needed to see the 3d effects in dimension in time ?
which company was given permission to air tv commercials during super bowl 50 at a discounted price ?
what archdiocese is warsaw the seat of ?
what building material does the entrance hall and flanking staircases use predominantly ?
what former building is currently known as grand 1401 ?
how much did the initial version of the sm weigh in pounds ?
when was the salary range listed valid for ( month and year ) ?
in which year did the newspaper define southern california ?
what can be used to model tension forces ?
what do some modern historians claim genghis khan sought to add his legal code at the end of his reign ?
which two generals raided the caucasas and kievan rus ' for genghis khan ?
what type of hypersensitivity is associated with allergies ?
when did the plos pathogens paper come out ?
in which case did the court of justice hold that requiring italian lawyers to comply with maximum tariffs unless there was an agreement with a client was not a restriction ?
what prohibition agent was also an alumni at the university ?
whose shrine did the pilgrims go to in 1016 ?
who designed the ceiling and stained-glass windows of the green dining room ?
what entity is created if the three different institutions can not come to a consensus at any stage ?
how many major ice ages have occurred ?
who founded the office of western medicine ?
what is another plague thought to have spread the same way ?
what is the lowest recorded temperature in victoria ?
which nfl team won super bowl 50 ?
what injury did thomas davis suffer in the nfc championship ?
how long did project apollo run ?
who announced she would step down as leader of the conservatives ?
when did germany found their first settlement ?
who was a man studying medicinal applicants of plants in ancient greece ?
what was the name of the first doctor who story released as an lp ?
what year did the the case go before the supreme court ?
the perceived british policy of being hands off of its muslim population has resulted in what derogatory term for london ?
where does the diatom endosymbiont store starch ?
what kinds of trees is kearney boulevard lined with ?
who wrote of the savery water pump in 1751 's philosophical transactions ?
there are direct contractual links between who ?
what did tesla struggle with while in school ?
imperialism is confused with what other term ?
what country is the most industrially developed country in the african great lakes region ?
when did marconi transmit similar signals to those tesla received ?
what can scales and spring balances measure between two forces by using static equilibrium ?
what was put on pylons for super bowl 50 ?
when was the ming dynasty in power ?
what can the ipcc 's report deadlines cause to be omitted ?
where is genghis khan 's presumed to have been delivered ?
what type of arts flourished in the yuan ?
what abc action series went up against nbc 's variety shows in fall 1957 ?
what has given the american economy a tendency to go " from bubble to bubble " ?
what does the original manuscript show ?
which border does the megaregion extend over ?
who was the v & a 's first director ?
what institute published findings in september 2012 regarding the forbes richest 400 americans ?
who is the head coach of the broncos ?
how many did this epidemic in china kill ?
what award has marlee matlin won ?
who captured fort beausejour ?
in what state is oxygen shipped in bulk ?
how often does the general conference meet ?
what applies to equally to constant velocity motion as it does to rest .
what kind of market is kenya considered ?
what type of power was displayed at the world 's fair by westinghouse and tesla ?
when did robert crispin go up against the turks ?
in what year did " the eleventh hour " play ?
in cases of shared physical medium how are they delivered
what are presented to parliament in addition to the bill itself ?
what metal was used in inalchuq 's execution ?
what later actions by the nazis could be traced back to luther 's rhetoric ?
during which era did the aztec and incan empires thrive ?
which courts have a duty to interpret domestic law as far as possible ?
when did luther write wir glauben all an einen gott ?
what is 'grey literature ' ?
what followed the late show with stephen colbert ?
how many cds does newcastle 's library have ?
how did brainbridge 's official ledgers report revenue ?
how many years does the v & a glass collection cover ?
what california city last hosted the super bowl ?
what equals the spring reaction force on an object suspended on a spring reaction scale ?
how many africans were brought into the united states during the slave trade ?
what parts of plants have chloroplasts ?
what type of heating element is often used in toy steam engines ?
when did kublai move the mongol capital ?
what natural resources did the chinese government have a monopoly on ?
what movement did the fair held in june have its origins in ?
who developed the actinide concept ?
what was the presidential working party on the second university commissioned to do ?
what are construction managers ?
low doses of anti-inflammatories are sometimes used with what classes of drugs ?
what happened with the ground water level with the rhine straightening program ?
what did this hymn presage ?
how many quadrangles does the main quadrangles have ?
what were the national elections in 1991 canceled by ?
in addition to the traveling salesman problem , what is another example of a function problem ?
when did philip i convene an assembly to set doctrine in the protestant states ?
what is more often seen in root tip maristems ?
on december 22nd 2009 , abc reached an agreement with apple to make abc shows available on what service ?
where did jebe 's forces first defeat kuchlug ?
what is the most important problem in the united states and elsewhere ?
what protestant religions made northern european counties safe for huguenot immigration ?
how many outputs are expected for each input in a function problem ?
objects of constant density are proportional to volume by what force to define standard weights ? .
silicates of magnesium and iron make up of the earth 's ___
who lost 3 yards on a tackle by shaq thompson ?
what is an examine of work that a centrifugal governor-equipped steam engine was n't suitable for ?
how many men did duquesne send to relieve saint-pierre ?
what type of immune systems are found in all plants and animals ?
what han chinese leader defected to the mongols ?
who went to fort dusquesne in june 1755 ?
what percentage of electrical power in the united states is made by steam turbines ?
what is it called when the tax rate and base amount increase simultaneously ?
how much has global mean surface air temperature changed in the last century ?
what color were the footballs handed out to a variety of high schools , leading up to super bowl 50 ?
what was the purpose of loudoun 's troops at fort henry ?
what is similar to vocational training ?
in what year did abc launch the movie of the week ?
what revolutionary war midnight rider was a huguenot descendant ?
how are 'un-aided ' schools different from 'aided ' schools ?
which region began to grow and assert itself in the 2000s ?
what is the current number of electors currently in a scottish parliament constituency ?
what have the treaties sought to enable since its foundation ?
before the formation of which planet , did sol lose oxygen 16 ?
what important legislation was passed by congress for the television industry in 1961 ?
what did the war first start out as being between ?
what are the three construction subsectors ?
in what year did joseph priestley recognize oxygen ?
what may members question the first minister about directly during first minister 's question time ?
the university 's center in beijing is located next to what school 's campus ?
how many of the richest 400 americans grew up in substantial privilege ?
what area of brookhaven is still known for its high levels of crime ?
what has caused china to suspend their railway project ?
what type of ideals generalize prime elements ?
what are pharmacists forbidden to do ?
what was wrong with the pigeon ?
what is the name of the stadium in miami that was considered ?
to which trading route did genghis khan bring a stable political climate ?
where was the first horse racetrack located ?
what style of sensing do scientist like to use to measure global radiance ?
which areas of northern europe practiced those religions ?
who headed the niagara falls cataract construction company in 1893 ?
who was count of melfi
what type of image was tesla thought to have accidentally taken a week prior to the announcement of its discovery ?
what was the north american portion of war of austrian succession ?
which of the tributaries in germany contributes most ?
what kind of economy did northern california start to grow in the 2000s ?
what did josel ask the city of strasbourg to forbid the sale of ?
in which year did the v & a opened the first permanent architectural history gallery in the uk ?
what was considered responsible for the black death as well as the epidemic in southern china ?
what radio network carried the super bowl ?
who produces a list of requirements for a project , giving an overall view of the project 's goals ?
when did mongke khan die ?
what could a teacher help in organizing ?
what did abc contribute to the 20th anniversary special ?
what register did chris keates think that some teachers should not be placed on ?
approximately how many european oil paintings does the museum have ?
most of the objects in the japanese art collection is dated to which time period ?
what was the occupation of doctor who 's other ( non-related ) companions ?
what special was created for the show 's 30th anniversary ?
where was the rhine regulated with an upper canal ?
what was tesla likely to do with his work ?
a language solved in quadratic time implies the use of what type of turing machine ?
stephen eilmann demonstrates covert law breaking in nazi germany . citizen 's illegally had been doing what ?
what was the first internet2 network named
where did itv tyne tees move in 2005 ?
what antibody is transported from the mother to baby across the placenta ?
what percent of untreated victims of the plague die within 8 days ?
who commissioned the tapestry ?
why do these defections occur ?
what is the term for the original aboriginal people of victoria ?
the pleistocene epoch takes place during which period ?
which player played even though he broke his arm two weeks prior to the super bowl ?
what did the initial first stages of the saturn i tests carry ?
which doctor was the current doctor during the 50th anniversary special ?
what factor may make a teacher 's role vary ?
what did paul baran develop
is the pope 's confessor a bishop ?
what is the name of the property that designates a number as being prime or not ?
who pays australian pharmacists for doing home medicines reviews ?
which female anchor from today joined hugh downs on 20/20 ?
which neighborhood lies west of the 41 freeway ?
when do members proceed to vote on whether they agree to the principles of the final bill ?
how many hymns did luther write based on the ten commandments ?
in which year did the newspaper change its previous definition ?
what is the total make up of fish species living in the amazon ?
on what date did the nfl announce that coldplay would headline the halftime show ?
what beverage company signed a contract allowing them to broadcast ads at a discount ?
name one way in which a person can become a professing member ?
what archival system is used for all material at the national art library ?
for what invention was u.s. patent 1,655,114 granted ?
what studio does abc own at 1500 broadway in nyc ?
the codex forster is a collection of notebooks by which famous italian renaissance polymath ?
where is the sculpture gallery now located ?
what is most of the cleared land in the amazon region used for ?
where did luther say that the soul does n't sleep , but rather has visions ?
when did luther appeared before the diet of worms ?
what was the last super bowl that took place at sun life stadium in miami ?
in which months does fresno experience increased wind coming from the southeastern direction ?
what process do moderate and reformist islamists work within the boundaries of ?
which battle did temüjin lose to jamukha shortly after his election as khan ?
of what length are engine cycle events when the simplest valve gears are used ?
what were the conditions for miners in the gold fields in victoria ?
what is the chloroplast polypeptide synthesized on ?
what was tampa 's primary abc affiliate prior to 1994 ?
what is the size of the school 's endowment ?
what nationality are researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett ?
what nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winner is also a university alumni member ?
who influenced bismark besides his neighbors ?
who was at the receiving end of a 22-yard pass from peyton manning ?
during withdrawal from fort william henry , what did some indian allies of french do ?
what is the abc affiliate that serves lima , ohio ?
how many times did newcastle fight off the scots during the 14th century ?
what is the rhine called in dutch ?
which article allows the european council to govern mergers between firms ?
what type of steam engine produces most electricity in the world today ?
what did marlee matlin translate ?
who tackled ronnie hillman for a loss of yardage ?
who did the panthers face in the nfc championship game ?
ctenophores , cnidarians and what other group are labelled diploblastic ?
besides baptism , what shows the future of heaven to christians ?
what type of teaching would help the most with everyday life ?
what is the former name of the v & a theatre & performance galleries ?
how many cases of malaria did kenya report in 2006 ?
when was martin luther ordained as a priest ?
when did the three advocate generals argue that directives should create rights and duties for all citizens ?
who is most likely to be doing formal teaching ?
when did economists reach a conclusion with the s & p 's rating agency ?
what does ctenophora mean in greek ?
who is the oldest quarterback to play in a super bowl ?
what was brown 's job ?
what is the ability to recognize and adapt to new specific pathogens called ?
what actress plays the female master ?
to what century did the idea of ether belong ?
what type of rail line is pacific national ?
what is the main component of the aboral organ ?
what did gasquet 's book blame the plague on ?
thomas de maiziere serves what role in the german cabinet ?
who was the leader of russia in the 1960 's ?
what was the usual type of school discipline ?
what is the common term for the loss of key members of french society to huguenot emigration ?
what was brisbane 's job ?
richard allen and absalom jones were licensed by what church ?
when was the ipcc third assessment report published ?
how many teams have been in the super bowl eight times ?
what was newton 's quarterback rating for 2015 ?
besides combustion , for what other action did mayow show nitroaereus responsible ?
who was the super bowl 50 mvp ?
what does matter actually have that newtonian mechanics does n't address ?
who lived in a tree to prevent it from being cut down as a form of civil disobedience ?
what co-receptor on the t cell helps in recognizing the mhc-antigen complex ?
how many interceptions are the panthers defense credited with in 2015 ?
how much has a lama agreed to be reborn ?
what was tesla 's ac system used for in pittsburgh ?
what is the name of the process which confirms the primality of a number n ?
what group specifically opposed the huguenots ?
what book of the bible discusses civil disobedience ?
what is a popular strolling destination for the varsovians ?
what enemy of doctor who is also a time lord ?
what tool do stratigraphers use to see their data in three dimensions ?
what type of train would some of the proposed new routes require ?
who was the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences ?
in what city is wbt-fm located ?
which nfl team represented the nfc at super bowl 50 ?
who did britain exploit in india ?
what mountainous region is lake constance by ?
what made the student decide to occupy the president 's office in protest ?
who wrote the paper that the " millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction " graph was based on ?
aside from being located on the coast , what contributes to jacksonville 's lack of cold weather ?
what did luther begin to experience in 1536 ?
what year was the ecsc agreement established ?
what did the license to build this type of car expire in 2011 ?
who was jacksonville 's mayor at the time of the consolidation ?
what magnitude was the 1994 northridge earthquake ?
on what yard line did carolina begin with 4:51 left in the game ?
name the other way that the plowshares organization temporarily closed ?
what does the nederrikn 's name change into ?
activation of a helper t cell causes it to release what chemicals that influence cell activity ?
what is the name of the host committee 's charitable initiative ?
who defeated montcalm at quebec ?
what part of the rhine flows west at katwijk ?
how many divisions comprised genghis khan 's army in khwarezmia ?
what publication printed that the wealthiest 1 % have more money than those in the bottom 90 % ?
what type of technology is the non organic separating of gases ?
the initial lm weighed how much in kgs ?
on what english calendar is luther commemorated ?
what was intended for the site of the former boiler house ?
what style of lace is erroneously believed by some to have huguenot influence ?
when did jamaa islamiya renounce violence ?
who won super bowl 50 ?
what did he do for $ 2 a day ?
what reason is given that you should also protest public companies ?
what types of preparation do pharmacists have ?
the hawaiian islands are made up almost entirely of what ?
how did luther describe his learning at the university ?
what is one tradition within the christian church ?
maududi was trained as a lawyer , but chose what professional for himself instead ?
what year did the financial interest and syndication rules result in abc 's decision to split abc films into two companies ?
when was the tower theatre built ?
when was the ottoman empire at its height ?
who was abc 's vice-president of engineering ?
which family guy episodes contain doctor who references ?
how much weight could the saturn ib send into space with this amount of thrust ?
who did martin luther say was the lone granter of forgiveness ?
how are the combs spaced ?
what is the process of changing light into chemical energy ?
which broncos player intercepted newton on the panthers ' next set of downs ?
a column from which moorish palace and fortress complex in granada , spain , is included in the v & a collection ?
where was the continental edison company located ?
income not from the creation of wealth but by grabbing a larger share of it is know to economists by what term ?
what panther tore his acl in the preseason ?
after the dornbirner ach was diverted , where does the rhine flow now ?
what purpose would luther have in not wanting to ban the qur'an ?
when did denmark join the eu ?
who added to dioscorides ' book in the islamic golden age ?
when did abc 's new york flagship stations change their call signs ?
in order to better understand the orientations of faults and folds , structural geologists do what with measurements of geological structures ?
who revolted in the ispah rebellion ?
what is the term for closing off rivers that are no longer connected ?
what is it called when people in society rebel against laws they think are unfair ?
when was the doctor who series released on dvd ?
how many pro bowlers were on the panthers offense ?
what was the name of the set top box manufacturer that bskyb was having issues with ?
what sport attracts most tourists to jacksonville ?
what did the taliban want to subject the entire country to ?
what is a typical name for learning that is not inside of the classroom ?
which country in 1985 signed a treaty to give it special status ?
whose goals often still oppose the ipcc ?
which husband and wife modern furniture design team are represented in the v & a furniture collection ?
what is the name given to the district that is associated with the motion picture industry ?
when was luther 's last sermon ?
what were the structures built by the soviets typical of ?
what working fluid is used in a mercury vapor turbine ?
how many lines does the commuter rail system have ?
what rift system developed in the alpine orogeny ?
how long was each doctor who episode in the 2005 revival series ( including ads ) ?
for which abc movie of the week film did steven spielberg first gain success ?
article 34 meant states could be responsible for what ?
in what constituent country of the united kingdom is merthyr tydfil located ?
what kind of self-consistent models are physicists trying to make that would create a theory of everything ?
who did tesla think would run the world of the future ?
what did the civil war leave the state of afghanistan 's economy in ?
what bbc radio station will carry the game in the united kingdom ?
what was the date of the very first episode of doctor who ?
the yuan was the first time all of china was ruled by whom ?
what is the magnitude of force divided by when external force is added ?
what group can amend the victorian constitution ?
after what higher learning model was the school designed ?
what developmental network was discontinued after the shutdown of abc1 ?
when did a plague-ridden ship land in norway ?
in what area of the united states did tesla move to ?
to monitor what event would measuring radiance from vegetation provide information ?
who became the king of the canary islands ?
what do the treaties generally limit ?
which two religions did tesla express respect for ?
unlike confirmation and profession of faith , what is a sacrament in the umc ?
who may seek changes or exemptions in the law that governs the land where the building will be built ?
what is retrograde signaling ?
newton was the number one pick in which draft ?
where is a palm house with subtropic plants from all over the world on display ?
what components raise steam temperature above its saturated vapor point ?
what did abc do that was special in 2003 ?
what study covered subjects in 80,000 schools ?
how much percentage of victoria 's land is taken up by farms ?
what war in ireland featured huguenot regiments ?
who has the record of being the oldest quarter back in any super bowl game ?
when is the earliest britain had an imperialist policy ?
what was the doritos customer super bowl ad campaign called ?
what would type of activities would require a teacher to take on a supervisor role ?
which sitcom produced a spinoff for abc after ending its run in 1984 ?
how did morgan react to the request ?
what will a pharmacist who passes the ambulatory pharmacist exam be called ?
what tool is used in corporal punishment ?
what campaigh did the scottish national party ( snp ) run ?
where did the french send a large number of settlers ?
which successor to henry resumed persecution of the huguenots ?
when forces are from the presence of differnet objects , what law gives symmetry ?
what , when combined with a large workload , can contribute to occupational stress ?
in what year was it declared that no roman numerals would be used in the name of the 50th super bowl ?
what language did tesla study while in school ?
what was used by the west to justify control over eastern territories ?
what kind of diseases do drugs target apicoplasts for ?
what path does a ball thrown up and down in a moving vehicle take when seen by an outside observer ?
the rhine flowed through swabia , franconia and what other location in the 10th century ?
who was on the receiving end of a 45-yard pass from cam newton ?
in what year did dewar experiment on liquid oxygen ?
besides the bondage of the will , what other work did luther view as a book of his ?
how old was tesla when he wrote that he 'd completed his dynamic theory of gravity ?
when were most of the places of religious worship destroyed in warsaw ?
what is a ppp also known as ?
what italian painter was depicted in the main bronze door entrance of the museum ?
which year resulted in the suspension of one of the two soccer teams ?
what was the name for the imaging campaign abc began in 2007 ?
what group of scientists seek to measure the amounts of oxygen in marine animals ?
what is a name for the different ways to instruct students ?
acessing the amazon rainforest was restricted before what era ?
what coach left the broncos after the season prior to super bowl 50 ?
what was found to be at fault for the fire in the cabin on apollo 1 regarding the cm design ?
the french church in portarlington was built when ?
approximately how many architectural photographs does the v & a hold in its collection ?
what troops attacked fort william henry in early 1757 ?
one strategy of islamization is to seize power by what methods ?
the university agreed to grant a degree to any graduate of affiliate schoos that did what ?
what is the opposite of an ongoing role of teaching ?
what is included along with gravitational acceration , and mass of the earth in a formula about rotation about the earth ?
what 's the name of newcastle 's speedway team ?
who arranged for tesla to demonstrate his system at the ieee ?
goldenson proposed a merger between upt and what network in october 1954 ?
in what month is the university 's scavenger hunt ?
what can lead to higher wages for members of labor organizations ?
what does coastal beriods use as teeth ?
what language other than english has the scottish parliament had meetings in ?
why would one plead guilty to a crime involving civil disobedience ?
what year did iqbal return to lahore ?
what does oxygen the basis for in combustion ?
who was kennedy 's vice president ?
what is the break down of years at different level of education ?
what gender are most species of ctenophores ?
what kind of people attend the ipcc meetings ?
what entities are included in the federal health care system ?
how can pyrenoids replicate ?
what was produced at tesla 's company ?
what area did the westwood one broadcast cover ?
what does luther 's hymn christ unser herr zum jordan kam concern ?
who do gurus control ?
what was tesla 's idea regarding earth ?
what major conquest did tancred play a roll in ?
who was the creator of the theme for the 50th anniversary special ?
what helps the process of free movement of goods ?
what is the concept of the visible and invisible church ?
where was tracy wolfson announcing from during the super bowl 50 game ?
what trading company helped settle huguenots near the cape ?
what was the population of the dutch republic before this emigration ?
when was the colony of new south wales founded ?
how many seats does the amphitheatre at woodward park have ?
where were schirra , eisele and cunningham relocated to after different astronauts were selected for the as-258 mission ?
how many hundred of years was scotland directly governed by the parliament of great britain ?
who designed the sage gateshead music center ?
what was the genghis khan 's characteristic approach to religious diversity ?
unsurprisingly , the mujahideen 's victory against the soviets in the 1980s failed to produce what ?
why did tesla want funds from morgan ?
who voted against jacksonville 's annexation ?
when was most of sunnside developed ?
what has islamism been increasingly interdependent with following the arab spring ?
what do ftsz1 and ftsz2 plus arc6 form ?
when did the age of imperialism begin ?
full size working engines on what vehicles sometimes use oscillating cylinder steam engines ?
when do plastoglobuli occur in linked groups ?
who was responsible for the decorations of the centre refreshment room ?
how many pd rings are there ?
how much higher was the 42 % occupation stress figure , compared to other jobs ?
what is the hottest temperature record for fresno ?
how many modern types of primality tests for general numbers n are there ?
what is the latin name for black death ?
what are three examples of complexity classes associated with definitions established by probabilistic turing machines ?
how many academic minors does the university grant in total ?
where were persians more successful compared to chinese in the yuan ?
what does the geordie dialect keep of the older language which came before it ?
what did tesla electric light & manufacturing do ?
what did tesla establish following his colorado experiments ?
how much of the global wealth will the wealthiest 1 percent own by 2016 ?
where can chloroplasts sometimes be found ?
who did the peasants think luther would support an attack on ?
what was incorporated to help slow the cm 's decent back to earth ?
at what temperature will oxygen condense ?
where does the lek join ?
what was required of huguenot children after the edict was revoked ?
what district of warsaw chose the president between 1994 and 1999 ?
where do all trains going to scotland stop at ?
which apollo was the first testing of the lm , unmanned , in earth 's orbit ?
in which year did the sackler center open ?
what alumni wrote " the closing of the american mind " ?
where did the congregation at st. george 's initially meet in 1767 ?
what stadium did super bowl 50 take place in ?
how did william shirley feel about french advancement ?
what is an example of a mechanical barrier on leaves ?
what was the rumored reason edison and tesla were not awarded the prize ?
how many touchdowns did jonathan stewart have in 13 games ?
what is the name of another algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of large numbers ?
what is the second level of territorial division in poland ?
which year was the case commission v italy that dealt with cocoa products ?
what is the edcuation system currently ?
what is the name of the village that once existed in what is now downtown jacksonville ?
in what decades was dudley simpson most active in contributing to doctor who ?
who first proved bertrand 's postulate ?
what nationality was arthur woolf ?
in what sense must you be observing the curvature of space-time ?
in the united states the umc ranks as the largest what ?
what kind of buildings are in the towns of close , sandhill and quayside ?
granting what status would allow private non-religious schools in the us to receive public funds ?
who were the creators of the flintstones ?
what idea was tesla a fan of ?
the rhine forms an inland delta into which lake ?
in what episode did doctor who get a new cycle of regenerations ?
in which year did the museum started charging free admission fees ?
what was tesla 's mother 's name ?
how long would tesla spend gambling sometimes ?
what activity maintains topographic gradients ?
what did he work on refining until the end of his life ?
terra nullius is a latin expression meaning what in english ?
what is floridean ?
which two treaties provided more formal institutions of the european union ?
what is the basic unit of organization within the umc ?
what was he studying that gave him the teleforce weapon idea ?
what could anyone do to martin luther without legal consequence ?
which species are ribbon-shaped planktonic animals ?
what did luther refuse to do ?
the mother of which emperor was a concubine ?
what is the most common form of oxygen on the planet ?
what type of amendments might members opposed to a bill put on the table ?
how much did walt disney want abc to invest in disneyland ?
who recorded a version of the doctor who theme with spoken lyrics in the 1970 's ?
how and when did the first variant of y. pestis enter europe ?
at what age do immune responses typically begin to decline ?
what year was the first class taught at the university of chicago ?
when does the annual animal migration occur ?
when did the uk formally subscribe to the agreement on social policy ?
how many grammys has lady gaga won ?
why is giving a defiant speech sometimes more harmful for the individual ?
what do some mongolians feel non-mongolian historians exaggerate about genghis khan ?
